# Chapter 1: 


In the heavenly Buddha, there is a famous three-story laughing stock. 

According to legend, eight hundred years ago, the land of the Central 
Plains had an ancient country called Xianleguo. 


The ancient country of Xianle, the land is big, the folk and the music. 
State-owned four treasures: beauty such as clouds, color music chapter, 
gold jewelry. And a famous Prince Edward. 


This is what the Prince of the Prince said, it is a strange man. 


Wang and later regarded him as a jewel in the palm of his hand. He loved 
it and often said with pride: "My child will be Ming Jun in the future. 


However, for the worldly kingship, the Prince is completely uninterested. 
He is interested, using what he often said to himself, that 1s -- 
"I want to save the people!" 


When the Prince was a child, he practiced one heart and practiced. On the 
way to practice, there were two small stories that were widely circulated. 


The first story happened when he was seventeen. 

That year, Xianleguo held a grand Shangyuan Festival tour. 

Although this traditional sacred thing has been abandoned for hundreds of 
years, it is still possible to learn from the surviving ancient books and the 
former population that it is a grand event. 


Shangyuan Festival, Shenwu Street. 


On both sides of the street, there are many people. The princes and nobles 
talked and laughed on the high-rise buildings; the royal warriors swayed in 


the armor; the girls danced, the white hands sprinkled with the rain, and 
the people and the flowers were more beautiful; the melodious music 
came from the golden car. Floating over the Imperial City. At the end of 
the honor guard, sixteen golden horses and white horses pulled a Chinese 
platform in parallel. 


On top of this high Huatai, there is a lot of pleasing martial arts. 


During the festival tour, the Yueshen warrior will wear a golden mask, 
dressed in a Chinese costume, holding a sword, and playing the first **** 
of the millennium, the **** of the martial arts. 


Once selected as a pleasing god, it is the supreme glory, so the selection 
criteria are extremely strict. The one chosen this year is His Royal 
Highness Prince. The whole country believes that he will complete the 
most exciting Yuewu in history. 


However, on that day, there was an accident. 


When the guard of honor circled the third circle of the city, it passed a wall 
of more than ten feet high. 


At that time, the Wushen on Huatai was about to kill the demon sword. 


This is the most exciting scene. The sides of the street are boiling, and the 
walls are raging. People are rushing to probe, struggling and pushing. 


At this time, a child fell from the tower. 


Screaming all day long. Just when people thought that the child was about 
to splatter Shenwu Street, the Prince raised his head slightly and jumped 
and caught him. 


People only had time to see a bird-like white shadow flying up the sky, and 
the Prince had already landed with the child. The golden mask fell, 


revealing the young and beautiful face behind the mask. 


The next moment, everyone cheered. 


The people are elated, but the national teachers of the Royal Dojo have a 
headache. 


I never imagined such a big mistake. 
Ominous, too ominous! 


Every round of Huatai’s tour around the Imperial City symbolizes the 
national security of the country for the year. Now it’s not a disaster! 


The teachers of the country were so mad that they thought about it, and 
after they thought about it, please come to the Prince and euphemistically 
say, can you be down for a month to show your regret? You don't have to 
face the wall, just have a look. 


The prince smiled and said: "No." 


He said this: "It is not a bad thing to save people. How can God condemn 
me because I did the right thing?" 


Uh... if you sin in the first place? 

"So God is wrong, why should you apologize to the wrong?" 
The national teachers are speechless. 

This Royal Highness is such a person. 


He has never encountered anything he can't do, and he has never met 
someone who doesn't love him. He is the right way in the world, he is the 
center of the world. 


Therefore, although the national teachers are very painful: "You know a 
fart!" 


But I don’t say much, I don’t dare to say more. Anyway, His Royal 
Highness will not listen. 


The second story also happened when the Prince was seventeen years old. 


Legend has it that there is a bridge in the south of the Yellow River called 
Yi Nian Bridge. There is a ghost on this bridge for many years. 


This ghost is very horrible: wearing a residual armor, a foot in the fire, all 
over the body of blood and sharp arrows, leaving a trail of blood and fire 
behind each step. Every few years, it will suddenly appear at night, 
wandering around the bridge, and stop the pedestrians asking three 
questions: "Where is this?" "Who is this?" "Why ts it?" 


If you don't answer the question correctly, you will be swallowed up by the 
ghost. However, no one knows what the correct answer is, so in a few 
years, this ghost has swallowed countless pedestrians. 


On the way to the Prince's Cloud Tour, I heard about this, found a bridge, 
stayed at the bridge at night, and finally met the ghost of the night. 


The ghost appeared, and it was as horrible as the rumor. It asked the first 
question of the Prince. The Prince smiled and replied: "This is the world." 


The ghost said: "There is no room." 
Opening the door, the first question is wrong. 


The Prince thought, anyway, the three questions are all wrong, why wait 
for you to ask? Then he lit up the weapon and started to fight. 


This battle was stunned. The martial arts of the prince is high and strong, 
and the ghost 1s even more brave. One person and one ghost fight on the 
bridge almost every day, and finally, the ghost finally lost. 


After the ghost disappeared, the Prince planted a flower tree at the bridge. 
At this time, a Taoist passing by, just saw him throwing a loess here, 
sending him a line and asking: "What is this?" 


The prince said the famous eight words: "Being in the air, the heart is in 
Taoyuan." 


The Taoist listened, smiled a little, turned into a **** who was wearing a 
white armor, stepping on the clouds, pulling the wind, and going by the 


sky. The Prince only knew that it happened to happen to the Emperor Wu 
of the Emperor who came to the devil to descend the demon. 


The gods of the gods noticed this very good Yue Shenwu when he jumped 
on the Yuan Festival. After seeing the bridge at the beginning of this, there 
was a fairy saying to the emperor: "What do you think of this Prince?" 


The emperor also answered eight words: "This child will not be limited in 
the future." 


That night, the natural vision above the palace, the storm. 
In the lightning and thunder, His Royal Highness rose. 


But when someone rises, the heavens will be shocked. The Prince's Temple 
was soaring, and the whole heaven was shaken three times. 


It’s too hard and too difficult to make a positive result. 


To be talented, to cultivate, to have a chance. The birth of a **** is often a 
long road. 


When I was a teenager, I was not able to feather the celestial celestial 
beings. I was exhausted for a lifetime and I hoped that there would be a lot 
of people robbing. Even if I waited for the catastrophe, I would die if I 
couldn’t pass this. As the number of the rivers of the Ganges, it is the 
ignorant mortal who can never find his own path in his life. 


The Highness of the Prince is undoubtedly the darling of heaven. What he 
wanted was not available; what he wanted to do was not impossible; he 
wanted to fly to God, and he really rose to God at the age of seventeen. 


He was originally the intention of the people, plus the king and the post- 
thinking son, ordered him to vigorously cultivate temples and temples in 
various places, open cave statues, and worship the people. The more 
believers there are, the more the courts are, the longer the longevity 1s. As 
a result, the Prince of the Palace of Xianle Palace had no scenery in just a 
few years, and it reached its peak at the peak. 


- Until three years later, Xianle was in chaos. 


The cause of the chaos is the tyrant of the kingdom of government | 
politics, the rebels from the righteousness. However, although the world 
has been in full swing, the gods of the heavens are not free to intervene. 
Unless it is a violation of the demon and the ghost, what should happen? 
Imagine that there are disputes everywhere. Everyone feels that they are 
reasonable. If anyone goes up, today, you will help your country to support 
you. Tomorrow, he will help his descendants to revenge. If you don’t 
move, you will fight with the gods, and the sun and the moon will be dull. 
Like the case of His Royal Highness Prince, it is even more necessary to 
avoid suspicion. 


But he doesn't care. He said to the emperor: "I want to save the people." 


The emperor sat with thousands of gods, but he did not dare to hang these 
words all day long. Hearing what he said, the mood can be imagined. But 
he can't help him, saying: "You can't save everyone." 


Prince Edward: "I can." 
Therefore, he turned his back on the ground. 


The people of Xianle are naturally celebrating the whole country. 
However, folk stories from the past and the present have long tried to 
explain to people the truth: the gods are privately separated, and there is 
absolutely no good result. 


As aresult, the war did not calm down, but burned even more crazy. 


Nor does it mean that His Royal Highness did not work hard, but he might 
as well not work hard. The harder he worked, the more the battle was in a 
mess. The Xianle people were beaten and bloodshed, and the casualties 
were heavy. Finally, a plague swept the entire imperial city, and the rebels 
entered the palace, and the war ended. 


If Xianle was still lingering, then His Royal Highness directly let it break. 


After the country was destroyed, people finally found one thing: 


It turned out that they were regarded as the princes of the gods, and they 
were not as perfect and powerful as they thought. 


To say that it’s hard to hear, isn’t it a waste that is not enough to make a 
mistake? ! 


The pain of losing their homes and their families was nowhere to be 
vented, and the people who were full of pain rushed into the temple of the 
Prince, and they overthrew the statue and burned the temple. 


Eight thousand palace views, burned for seven days and seven nights, 
burned dry and clean. 


Since then, a martial **** who guards the peace has disappeared, and a 
* Of sorrow has been born. 


People say that you are God, you are God, saying that you are jealous, you 
are jealous, saying what you are, what you have. This is the case. 


His Royal Highness Prince will not accept this fact anyway. What he is 
even more unacceptable is the punishment he wants to accept: Hey. 


Blocking mana, killing the world. 


He grew up in a thousand pets and has never suffered from human 
suffering. And this punishment made him fall from the clouds to the mud. 
In this mud, he first experienced the hunger, poverty, and dirty taste. For 
the first time, I never thought about what would be done by him in this 
life: stealing, robbery, swearing, and self-defeating. Lost face, no self- 
respect, how ugly and ugly, even the most loyal attendants can not accept 
his change, chose to leave. 


The eight characters of "Being in the infinite, heart in Taoyuan" are all 
engraved on the various stone tablets of Xianle. If they were not burnt out 
after the war, let His Royal Highness see it again. It is estimated that he is 
the first. I rushed to the ground. 


The person who said this sentence has personally proved that when he is in 
the middle of his life, he can’t be in the heart of Taoyuan. 


He climbed the sky and fell faster. Shenwu Road is a stunned glimpse. It 
seems to be yesterday's business. But the heavens have been smashing for 
a while, and the past has passed. 


Until many years, on a certain day, the sky rang loudly. His Royal 
Highness, the second time, soared. 


Throughout the ages, the shackled priests are not stunned, they are 
breaking into the ghost world, and there are not a few who can be turned 
down after being beaten. The second flight, deservedly, was vigorous. 


More vigorously, after he ascended, he rushed into the heavens, punched 
and kicked, and killed the Quartet. So, he only flew a scent and was beaten 
again. 


A musk. It can be said that it is the fastest and shortest flight in history. 


If it is said that the first soaring is a beautiful talk, this second soaring is a 
farce. 


Two times down, the heavens are full of disgusting feelings about this 
Prince. Aside from the disappointment, there 1s still some vigilance. After 
all, if you are killed once, you have to die and you have to be killed twice. 
Would you not want to revenge the sin? 


Who knows, after this beggar, he did not enter the devil, but also quite 
honestly adapt to life. No problem at all, the only problem 1s... it’s too 
serious. 


Sometimes, he sells art on the streets, and he is very proficient in blowing 
and playing. He even has a big stone in his chest. Although he heard that 
the Prince’s Highness can be sing and dance, he is versatile, but he actually 
saw it in this way. People are in a complicated mood. Sometimes, he is 
diligently collecting and breaking. 


The gods of the gods were shocked. 


This is the end of the matter, incredible. So that now, if you say "you have 
a son who is a Prince of Xianle", it is much more vicious than the other 


party. 


He was also a prince of the Prince of the Golden Branch, and he was the 
priest of the Xianban. He was mixed to this point, and no one was there. 
The so-called three-story laughing stock is such a thing. 


After laughing, there may be some affectionate feelings that may sigh: the 
arrogant son of the sky that was above the heights has completely 
disappeared. 


The gods collapsed, and the country was destroyed. A believer did not stay 
and was gradually forgotten by the world. So, no one knows where he 
wandered there. 


It’s a shame to be defamed once. Being smashed twice, no one can get up 
again. 


After many years, suddenly one day, the sky was a loud noise. 
The sky is falling apart, and the ground is shaking. 


The long light shudders, the fire dances wildly, and the priests are 
awakened from their own golden temples. They rushed to ask: Which 
newcomer is flying up? It’s really a big battle! 


Who knows, the forefoot only sighed, and it was impossible to see it. After 
the hind legs, the Buddha of Heaven was smashed. 


You are finished! 


The famous miracle, the three worlds laughing, the legendary Prince 
Edward, he and his - **** and soaring! 2k novel reading network 


# Chapter 2: Tattered immortal sanden xianjing


"Congratulations, Your Royal Highness." 


Hearing words, thanking him for raising his head, he said without a word, 
"Thank you. But can you ask me what congratulations?" 


Lingwen Zhenjun held his hand and said: "Congratulations, you have won 
the first place in the list of the priests who are most eager to take their 
virginity." 


Thanks to the pity: "In any case, it is always the first. But I think since you 
congratulate me, it should be a good thing?" 


Lingwen said: "Yes. This list is the first, you can get 100 merits." 


Xie pity immediately said: "If there is such a list next time, please be sure 
to pick me up again." 


Lingwen said: "Do you know who the second is?" 


Thanks for thinking, said: "It's too hard to guess. After all, if you talk 
about strength, I should be able to take the top three." 


Lingwen said: "It's almost there. There is no second place. You can't get 
away with it." 


Thanks to pity: "This is really not dare to be. Who 1s the first person in the 
previous one?" 


Ling Wendao: "None. Because this list is from this year, exactly, it is only 
from today." 


"Oh," thanked me for a moment, "That said, this will not be a list for me." 


Lingwen said: "You can also think that just because you just caught up, it 
just happened to win." 


Thanks and smiles: "Well, I will be more happy if I think so." 
Lingwen continued: "Do you know why you won the championship?" 
Thanks to the pity: "All expectations are returned." 

Lingwen said: "Let me tell you why. Look at that clock." 


She lifted her finger and thanked her for looking back. She saw a beautiful 
view of the white jade palace, pavilions, fairy clouds, and flying birds. 


But he looked at it for a long time and asked: "Are you pointing the wrong 
direction? Where is the clock?" 


Lingwen said: "No mistakes. Is there, have you seen it?" 
Thanks and pity carefully, as the truth said: "I didn't see it." 


Lingwen said: "It’s right to see it. There was a clock there, but when you 
ascended, it shocked it." 


"The clock is bigger than your age, but it is a lively and lively temper, but 
when someone is soaring, it will ring a few times. You will be as crazy as 
you are on the day of the flight, you can’t stop it, and finally you will be 
from the bell tower. It fell off, and it stopped. It fell and fell on a passing 
official." 


Thanks for the pity: "This... is it better now?" 
Lingwen: "No good, still repairing." 


Thanks: "I am talking about the priest who was taken." 


Lingwen said: "There is a martial art. It is split into two halves on the spot. 
Come back. Look at the golden temple over there. Have you seen it?" 


She also pointed out that she was grateful and hopeful, and looked at the 
golden dome of the glass in the misty clouds. "Oh, I saw it this time." 


Lingwen said: "It’s not right to see it. There is nothing here." 


"When you are flying, the golden temples of some of the priests are 
dumped, the glazed tiles are broken, and some of them are not repaired for 
a while. Then they have to make a few new make-ups." 


"Responsibility is in me?" 
"The responsibility is with you." 


"Oh..." thanked him for confirming, "I just offended many of my priests 
when I first came up?" 


Lingwen said: "If you can recover, maybe not." 

"So how can I save it?" 

"Good to say. Eighty-eight thousand eighty-eight virtues." 
Thanks and smiled. 

Ling Wendao: "Of course, I know that you can't get one tenth." 


Thanks for being honest and honest: "How to say it, although I am very 
embarrassed, but you are going to be one in ten thousand, I can't get it." 


The faith of the mortal believers is the power of the priests, and each of 
their incense and offerings 1s called "goodness." 


After the laughter was over, thanked and asked seriously: "Would you like 
to kick me off from here and give me 8.88 million merits." 


Lingwen said: "I am a god. You want to play and you should find a 
Valkyrie. Play more heavily and give more." 


Long sigh, thank you: "Let me think about it again." 


Ling Wen patted him on the shoulder and said: "Mo Pan, there must be a 
road to the mountain." 


Thanks for the pity: "I am, the ship is sinking to the bridge." 


If it was the most prosperous period of the Xianle Palace eight hundred 
years ago, the difficulty of the 8.88 million merits, the imperial edict of 
the Prince will not blink. But nowadays, in the past, his prince’s palace 
view has long been burned. No believers, no incense, no offerings. 


Needless to say. Anyway, no, no, nothing! 


A man squatted on the side of Xianjing Street for a long time, he suddenly 
remembered, he flew for three days, and did not enter the psychic array of 
heaven, only to forget what the password 1s. 


The priests of the heavenly courts have jointly set up a set of methods, 
which can make the gods know how to pass the sounds in the array, and 
must go in after the ascent. But you need to know the password, and God 
can find a specific psychic array. Thanks to the last time it was eight 
hundred years ago, I didn’t remember what the password was. He went out 
and searched it. He looked at it and looked like a bit, and went in. As soon 
as he entered the battlefield, he was rushed by all directions. 


"Open the bet to buy a hand, to gamble this time our Prince Edward can 
last for a long time before going on!!" 


"I bet for a year!" 


"One year is too long. It was only a scent last time. This is three days. 
Three days and three days!" 


"Don't be stupid! Three days are coming, can't you do it?!" 


... thank you for quietly retreating. 
wrong. Certainly not this. 


In the heavenly court, they are all the big priests who sit on the side of the 
town. Everyone knows the daily affairs of the family. Moreover, because 
they are all heavenly officials who are ascending to the sky, their self- 
sustaining identities are usually more reserved, and their speeches often 
carry a shelf. Only when he was soaring for the first time, because he was 
too excited, he grabbed every priest in the psychic array and said hello, 
and he introduced himself from head to toe in a serious and incomparably 
detailed manner. 


After he quit, he was again chasing and chasing one. Going in this time, 
thank you for your pity, and said: "So quiet, most of it is this." 


At this time, I only listened to one voice and said softly: "This is the return 
of His Royal Highness?" 


This voice is very comfortable, the voice is soft, and the tone is gentle. If 
you can listen carefully, you will find that the scorpion is very cold, and 
the mood is very cold. It makes the gentleness seem a little unfriendly. 


Thanks to pity, I just wanted to enter the battlefield according to the rules. 
It’s good to lurk in silence, but since people have already talked to him, 
they can’t be dumb. Moreover, there is still a **** officer in the heavenly 
court who is willing to take the initiative to talk to him. He is still very 
happy. So he quickly replied: "Yes! Hello everyone, I am back." 


Where did he know that after this question and answer, all the priests who 
were in the psychic circle at the moment had all erected their ears. 


The priest was slow and succinct: "This is the great squad of His Royal 
Highness." 


In the heavenly court, it can be said that the emperor will go all the way, 
the hero hero is like a stream of water. 


To become a god, you must first become an adult. People who have made 
great contributions to the world or who have great talents have a greater 
chance of flying. Therefore, it is no exaggeration to say that the king of the 
emperor, the emperor of the emperor, is not a rarity here. Who is not the 
pride of the sky? Everyone is polite and polite, and then they will scream 
under the Highness, the generals, and the lords. How to compliment them. 
But the two official sentences of this priest are not so good. 


Although he was the next Prince of the Prince, and the right one of the 
Prince, he did not feel that he was half-homished. Instead, he was like a 
pin-up. There are several other priests in the Psychic Array who are also 
the true Prince of the Prince. They are so shouted by his voice that they are 
screaming behind and unhappy. Xie Pity has heard that the other party is 
not good, but I don't want to compete. I thought I ran and smiled. "It's 
okay." The priest did not give him a chance to run, not cold or hot: "His 
Royal Highness?" It’s okay. However, my luck is not good.” 


Suddenly, thank you for hearing a secret message from the spiritual side. 
She only said one word: "Clock." 

Thank you for your understanding. 

It turned out that this is the **** of war that has been smashed! 

In this case, it is not unreasonable that people are angry. Thankfulness has 
always been very good at apologizing, and immediately said: "I heard 
about the clock, I am really sorry, I can't help it." 

The other party snorted and couldn’t say anything. 

There are many prominent gods in the heavens, many of them are upstarts 
after the blessing. Listening to the sound, thank you for not knowing which 
one is this. You can't even apologize for not knowing the name of the 


family. So he asked another question: "What do you call you?" 


The words came out and the opposite was silent. 


Not only was the opposite silence, the entire psychic array was solidified, 
and a dead air came. 


The Lingwen also gave him a voice: "His Royal Highness, although I think 
you should not say it for a long time, but I still want to remind you. That is 
mysterious." 


Thanks for your pity: "Xuanzhen?" 


He had a card, and this was reflected. He was sent back with a slight 
shock: "Is this a love?" 


General Xuanzhen is the Wushen who sits in the southwest of the town. He 
sits on the seven thousand palaces and is famous in the world. 


The Xuan Zhen general, whose real name is Mu Qing, was a deputy who 
was standing under the seat of the Prince of the Palace in Xianle Palace 
eight hundred years ago. 


The spirit is also shocked: "You don't really recognize it." 


Thanks: "I really didn't recognize it. He used to talk to me. It wasn't like 
this. And when I met him last time, I couldn't remember it completely, not 
five hundred years or six hundred years, I Even if he doesn't remember 
what he looks like, how can he still hear his voice." 


The psychic array is still silent. The feelings of silence are not heard. The 
other priests, while pretending that they were not listening, frantically 
waited for someone of them to continue to pick up. 


It is also embarrassing to say these two. The songs have been passed down 
for so many years, and everyone knows that there are seven seven eight 
eight. In the past, I thanked you as a Prince of Music and practiced in the 
Emperor. This royal view is the royal dojo of the Xianle Kingdom, and the 
standard of appreciating is strict. He is a sinner who has been decapitated. 
His father is not qualified to enter the emperor's view. Therefore, he can 
only be a servant. In the view, he is cleaning the house and delivering tea 
to His Royal Highness. Thanks to his hard work, he asked the national 


division to take him as an example. His Majesty the Prince of the Epoch, 
Jinkou Yuyan, was able to enter the practice and practice with the Prince. 
After the ascent, Xie pity also ordered his will, and he took him to 
Xianjing. 


However, after Xianle was wiped out of the country, Xie Li was detained 
and he did not follow him. Not only did he not follow, he didn’t even say a 
word for him. Anyway, the prince was gone, he was free, and he found a 
hole in Tianfu to work hard. After a few years, he took the day and robbed 
himself. 


At the beginning, it was one in the sky, and now it was one in the sky, but 
the two people completely lost everything. 


At this end, Lingwen said: "He is very angry." 
Thanks: "I guess too." 


Lingwen said: "I will say something else, you will take the opportunity to 
leave." 


Thanks to pity: "No, pretend that nothing has happened." 
Lingwen said: "Don't you? I look at you all." 
Thank you, "Okay!" 


Thanks to this person, anything can be, that is, death can not; no matter 
how much, the face must be lost. He has done more than this many times, 
and I feel really good in my heart. Who knows that everything can't be 
said first. He just said "good", and he heard a voice snarling: "Who is the 
mother who demolished my golden temple?! Get out!!!" 


This roar, I heard the scalp of the gods in the array blasted. 


Although the stomach is already rolling in the rivers and lakes, but still a 
breath of calm, waiting for the sound of thank you to return to this 
sentence. What I expected, there is no most exciting, only more exciting, 
thank you have not opened, and the feelings first sounded. 


He smiled twice: "Oh." 

The people are cold and cold: "You take it apart, wait." 

The feelings are faint: "I didn't say it was me, you don't have blood." 
The other side said: "What are you laughing at? Are you sick?" 


Admire the feeling: "Without him, what you said is funny. The person who 
broke your golden temple is now in the psychic array, ask yourself." 


When things got to this point, thank you for being embarrassed to run like 
this anyway. 


He coughed and said, "It's me. Sorry." 
As soon as he spoke, the latter was silent. 
In the ear, the spirit 1s also voiced: "His Royal Highness, that is Nanyang." 


Thanks to the pity: "I recognized this. But he does not seem to recognize 
me." 


Lingwen said: "No. He just wandered more in the mortal world, and he 
returned to Xianjing less. I don't know if you are flying again." 


Nanyang Zhenjun is the Wushen who sits in the southeast of the town. He 
sits on the nearly eight thousand palaces and is very popular among the 
people. 


And his real name, after eight hundred years ago, was the first **** under 
the seat of the Prince of the Palace. 


He believed in his loyalty and loyalty. From the time he was 14 years old, 
he was his bodyguard. When he grew up with his princes, they all went to 
heaven, and they were all shackled and exiled together. It’s a pity that I 
haven’t lived through these eight hundred years. In the end, I’m not happy, 
I’m parting, and I’m not seeing again. 2k novel reading network 


# Chapter 3: Tattered immortal sanden xianjing


In the past, the Lord’s sorrow was a three-handed stalk that had no incense, 
no priests and no believers. The two servants of the sects had crossed the 
sacred robbery and flew to the Dawu **** on the side of the town. In this 
situation, no one can do anything. miss you. If you want to thank you for 
choosing one of the styles and feelings to make him more jealous, he will 
say, "It’s all right!" But if you let others choose, they would like to see 
more pity and mutual trust, or would like to see more Thanks to pity and 
mutual affection, then everyone has their own tastes. After all, there are 
plenty of reasons for mutual disparity. 


Therefore, no one answered for a long time in the wind letter. It was a 
word that was not answered, and it was directly hidden. Everyone was very 
disappointed. Xie pity took a tail and then hit a few big boards. He said: "I 
didn't expect it to be like this. It was a matter of heart and trouble for you.' 


The feelings are cool and cool: "Oh, that's really a coincidence." 


Coincidentally, thanking me also feels that it is too clever, how can I just 
succumb to the feelings, and tear down the wind letter, to teach others to 
see, it is like he is deliberately revenge. But in fact, he is the kind, who 
chooses a cup of poison in a thousand cups of wine, no matter how you 
choose, you will definitely choose a poisonous wine. But what do people 
think in their hearts, you can't help it, thank you for your pity: "You will 
try your best to remedy the Golden Temple and other losses, and hope to 
give me some time." 


Although I want to know with the tail of the dust, I still want to continue 
to blow the cool breeze, but after all, his golden temple has not been 
damaged, and his bell is still smashed by him, and then it is ugly to be 
aggressive. Therefore, he also said nothing. Thanks for the pity, the mess 
went away on his own, and he ran quickly. 


He still seriously took the opportunity to get the 8.8 million merits. On the 
second day, the spirit asked him to go to the Temple of the Spirit. 


Lingwen is the priest of the personnel of the department. The person in 
charge is prosperous and pacing, and the whole temple is filled with 
official documents and scrolls from the ground to the dome. The scene is 
very shocking and frightening. Thanks for the way, every sergeant who 
came out of the Temple of Spirits had a high official document, and no one 
was coloring. It was not a face that collapsed or a numb face. Into the hall, 
the spirit turned and saw the mountain: "His Royal Highness, the emperor 
has something to do, can you help him?" 


There are many true monarchs and Yuanjuns in the heavens, but there is 
only one who can be called the emperor. If this person wants to do 
something, then he never needs to ask someone else. Therefore, thank you 
for your pity, and said: "What is it?" 


Lingwen handed him a scroll and said: "There have been a group of big 
believers in the north who have prayed frequently, and it is not very flat." 


The so-called big believers generally refer to three types of people: the 
first category, the rich, the money to burn incense, the construction of the 
palace temple; the second type, the preacher who can preach to the others; 
the third category, physical and mental thoroughness Carry out the beliefs. 
Among them, the first category is the most, the richer people are the more 
fearful of the ghosts, and the rich people in the world are like the rivers; 
the third category 1s the least, because if you can really do this, then the 
realm of this person must be high, from soaring too far away. What is said 
here is obviously the first type of person. 


Ling Wen said: "Emperor heads attend to the north, if you are willing to go 
in his stead, then dedicated to merit geometric Whether these big believer 
votive, give you instructions on how you look at the altar.?" 


Xie reel pity both hands, and said: "Thank you." 


This is clearly in my king to help him, but in turn asked him if he would 
be willing to do yourself a favor, where Xie pity can not see, but can not 


find better express their thoughts and words to replace the word this . Ling 
Wen said: "I only work, they want to thank you again to come back and so 
the Emperor himself to thank him for it, you may need to take what I give 
you magic. ?" 


Thanks to pity: "No need. It is a magic weapon for me. I can't use it when I 
go down. I can't use it." 


Thanks for being beaten twice, and the mana was lost. In Heaven, it’s 
better to say that Heaven is the place where the heavenly palaces are 
gathered. The spirit is abundant and the source is endless. If you come 
back to the world, you can be stupid. If you want to fight, you can only 
find it. It is inconvenient for people to borrow points. 


The spirit of thinking for a moment, said: "It is best to borrow a few 
military officers to help you." 


The current martial arts people don’t know themselves or don’t want to 
see themselves. This is still clear, and he said: “It’s not necessary. You 
can’t borrow people.” 


Lingwen has its own considerations and said: "I will try." 


Nothing to try is not bad, thank you for not agreeing or opposing, let her 
try. Therefore, the spirit entered the psychic array, and sighed: "You, the 
emperor has important tasks in the north, and you need to use people. 
Which of the martial arts can call two military officers from the temple?" 


As soon as the voice fell, the voice of the affection came out lightly: "I 
heard that the emperor is not in the north now, afraid that it will be 
borrowed from His Royal Highness." 


Thank you for your pity: "Are you staying in the psychic array all day 
long..." 


Lingwen went with him to think about it, and he wanted to take a slap in 
the face of the slap in the face, and smiled on the mouth: "Xuan Zhen, how 


can I always see you in the array these two days? Recently, you have been 
stealing a half-day leisurely? Congratulations." 


The feelings are faint: "The hand is hurt, and the injury is being repaired." 


The priests of the priests said: "You haven’t been in the middle of the day 
when you broke the sea. How can you be a silly clock?" 


Ling text wants to lie to the two to work and then say, stop knowing the 
feelings and know, the partial life still said, this must not find people. Sure 
enough, half a mile did not affect, thank you for not knowing anything, 
said to her: "Look, I said that I can't borrow people." 


Ling Wendao: "If Xuanzhen did not speak, he could borrow it." 


Xie pity smiled and said: "Your words are still half-faced, and the flowers 
look beautiful in the fog. People think that they are doing things for the 
emperor. Of course, they can be called, but if they come to discover that 
they are working with me, I am afraid When I got into trouble, how could I 
work together? I used to be alone, and I didn’t see any lack of arms and 
legs. Just like this. If you work, I will go." 


The spirit can't be done anymore, and he said, "Well, I wish you all the 
best." 


Thanks for the pity: "No taboos!" Waved, and left. 
Three days later, the world, the north. 


There is a small tea shop on the side of the road, the pavement is not big, 
the folks are simple, but the scenery is good. There are mountains and 
water, and some have cities. There are, not many; not much, just right. If 
you are in the scene, if you meet here, you will become a wonderful 
memory. Dr. Tea in the store was very busy. When he was not in the room, 
he moved to the stool and sat at the door. He watched the mountains and 
watched the water. He watched the city and watched it. He saw a white 
man walking on the road. Wind dust, as if walking for a long time. Going 
closer, passing the store, suddenly settled, and slowly backed back, a fight, 


looked up and looked at the wine trick, said: "‘Meet the store,' the name is 
interesting.” 


Although this person is slightly tired, his look is a smile, and he can't help 
but bend the two corners. He asked again: "Excuse me, is it with Junshan 
here?" 


Dr. Tea pointed him in the direction and said: "It is in this area." 


The man vomited, and finally did not spit out the soul together, said: "It is 
finally here." 


It is thanks. 


He left Xianjing on that day. He had originally set a place to be in the 
vicinity of Junshan. Who knows that he is leaving, and when he jumps 
down, the sleeves are hung up by a cloud of clouds. Yes, it is hung up by 
the cloud. He doesn’t know how to hang it. Anyway, he hits a high altitude. 
Roll, roll down and don't know where you are. After three days on foot, I 
finally came to the original landing place. For a moment, I was filled with 
emotion. 


Entering the store, Xie pity a table by the window, asked for tea and 
snacks, and finally sat down, suddenly heard a cry of crying, knocking and 
drumming. 


He looked at the street and saw a group of men, women and children 
surrounded by a big red sedan chair and walked across the road. 


This team, revealing the eccentric atmosphere. At first glance, it is like 
sending a pro-team, but when you look at it carefully, the look on these 
people's faces is serious, there is mourning, there is anger, there is fear, 
but there is no joy, no matter what, it is not like doing happy things. 
However, they all wear red flowers and blow them. This situation is really 
strange. Dr. Tea's portable copper pot, hung up high, clicked a little, and 
saw this scene, but only shook his head, and this went on. 


Thanks to the strange team to go, decided to think for a moment, is about 
to take out the scrolls of the spirit to see again, and suddenly a dazzling 
thing flashed past. 


As soon as he looked up, a silver butterfly flew over his eyes. 


The silver butterfly was crystal clear and flew in the air, leaving traces of 
shackles. Thankful, I couldn’t help but extend my hand to it. This silver 
butterfly is very spiritual, not only not shocked, but staying at his 
fingertips, the wings are shining, the beauty 1s extremely faint, in the sun, 
as if the dream bubble of breaking hands, then flew away. 


Xie pity waved to it, be farewell, and then look back, he sat on the table, 
sitting on two people. 


The table has four sides. The two men are one left and one right, each 
occupying one side. Both sides are teenagers of ten years old. The one on 
the left is taller. The eyebrows are quite deep and clear, and the eyes are 
unruly. The white on the right, the delicate and the gentle, but the look is 
too cold and indifferent, as if the heart is not so happy. In fact, the two 
faces are not very good looking. 


Thanks for the blessing, said: "Two?" 

On the left: "Southwind." 

On the right: "Shake." 

Thanks for your pity: "I am not asking your name..." 

At this time, the spirit suddenly passed over. She said: "Your Highness, 
there are two small military officers in Zhongtianting who are willing to 


come to assist. They have already gone to find you, and it is time to 
arrive." 


The so-called Zhongtian court is naturally opposite to the heavenly court. 
The celestial gods can be divided into two categories simply: rough, and 
not flying. The heavens are all based on their own ascending priests. There 


are only a hundred in the whole heavens, and they are extremely 
expensive. In the heavenly court, they are called up by the "points." 
Strictly speaking, the full name should be called "the same official." 
However, when everyone calls, the word "same" is often omitted. 


Then, is there a heaven and a heavenly court, is there a heaven court? 
No. 


In fact, when Xie pity first rose, it was really there. At that time, the points 
were still in heaven and in heaven. But later, everyone found a problem: 
When I introduced myself, I said, "I am from a certain person in the 
heavens." It is really unpleasant. If you have a "below" word, you will feel 
that you are particularly inferior. You must know that there are no talents 
who are talented and powerful, and they are just a day behind the real 
priest. Maybe one day will wait? Then someone proposed to change a 
word and become "I am from a certain person in the heavens", which is 
much better. Although it is actually a meaning. In short, after the change, 
thank you for not being used for a while. 


Thanks to the two small military officers, their faces are more ugly than 
they are. They are not like "willing to come to help". They can't help but 
ask: "Liewen, I don't think they are going to help me. It’s more like to take 
my dog’s head. You have to pick someone up.” 


It is a pity that he did not seem to pass it out, and he could not hear the 
voice of the spirit. I want to come down to Xianjing too long, and the 
mana is drained. Thanks for the pity, the two small military officers 
smiled and said: "Is the South Wind and the Shake? Are you willing to 
come and help, I will thank you first." 


Both of them just nodded a little, and they were quite stance. It seemed to 
be from the famous Valkyrie. Thanks for letting Dr. Tea add two more 
cups, pick up the tea, scrape the tea, and ask: "Which of you are under the 
seat of your Highness?" 


South Wind Road: "Nanyang Temple." 


Fudao: "Xuanzhen Temple." 


This is really amazing. 


Thanks for a cup of tea swallowed, said: "Do your family generals let you 
come over?" 


Both of them said: "Our generals don't know that I am coming." 
Thank you for thinking, and said: "So, do you know who I am?" 


If the two small military officers were confused and scammed by the 
spirits, they helped him, and he would have to go back to his own generals. 
This is not worth it. 


Southwind Road: "You are His Royal Highness Prince." 


Fudao said: "You are the right way in the world, you are the center of the 
world." 


Thank you for your pity, and asked the south wind indefinitely: "Have he 
turned a blind eye?" 


South Wind Road: "Yes. Let him roll." 


Nanyang and Xuanzhen have a bad relationship. This is not a secret. Xie Li 
was not surprised when he heard about this. Because the relationship 
between the wind and the feelings was not good, but he was the master of 
them at the time. The Prince said that you should not quarrel. You must be 
friends. Everyone can't help but turn their faces. It's really unpleasant to 
take the words and stab the other side at most. If you mix them up now, 
you can use them without any fakes. Therefore, even the two believers in 
the southeast and southwest are not able to get to the other side. The 
Nanyang Hall and the Xuanzhen Hall are all year-round hatred. These two 
are the typical examples. Shake and sneer: "Linwen Zhenjun said that he 
can come on his own, why let me roll back." 


The word "voluntary", with his expression, is really not convincing. 
Thanks to the pity: "I confirm. Are you really willing? Do not want to be 
reluctant." 


Both of them said: "I volunteer." 


Looking at the two disheartened faces, thank you, what you want to say is 
actually "I commit suicide." 


"all in all--" 


Thanks to pity: "First talk about business. You know what you are doing to 
the north, then I will not talk from the beginning..." 


Both of them said: "I don't know." 


" " 


Thanks for the pity, I had to take out the scroll and said, "I will still tell 
you from the beginning." 


It is said that many years ago, there was a couple of new people married to 
Junshan. 


The love of the new couple is very good. The groom waited for the team to 
send the pro, and waited for a long time, and did not see the bride coming. 
The bridegroom was in a hurry and went to the bride's maiden. As a result, 
the father-in-law told him that the bride had already set off. The two 
families reported to the office and looked around. They never looked at it. 
They gave it to the beasts in the mountains. If there were any arms and 
legs left, what could be the reason for disappearing out of thin air? It is 
inevitable that some people suspect that the bride is not willing to marry, 
and colluded to send the pro-team to run. Who knows, after a few years, 
another couple will get married and the nightmare will reappear. 


The bride is gone again. However, this time it is not nothing left. On a 
small road, everyone found a foot that didn't finish eating. 2k novel 
reading network 


# Chapter 4: Sanhuobao 
Night Talk about Juyang Temple 


Since then, it has been out of control. Since then, a total of seventeen 
brides have disappeared with Junshan in the past 100 years. Sometimes it 
is safe for more than a decade, sometimes missing two in just one month. 
A horror legend spread quickly: a ghost bridegroom lived in Junshan. If he 
saw a woman, he would take her away on the way she married and then eat 
the team. 


This was originally not transmitted to the sky, because although there were 
seventeen brides missing, there were more than a hundred innocent brides. 
Anyway, I can't find it, and I can't keep it. It can only be done in this way. 
It’s just that there are fewer people who dare to marry their daughters in 
this area. Local newcomers are not willing to dare to do so. But it is 
precisely the seventeenth bride, the father is an official. He is quite a 
favorite of his daughter, and he has heard the legends of this place. He has 
carefully selected forty courageous military officers to **** their 
daughters to become relatives, but the daughter is still gone. 


This ghost groom can marry the horse. The official who can find the man 
in the world can't take it, so he unites a group of friends and friends in a 
rage, madly doing a wave of rituals, and also according to the instructions 
of the Supreme People to open a position to help the poor, and make the 
city full of wind and rain, This finally surprised the several priests above. 
Otherwise, it is almost impossible for the tiny mortal voices to reach the 
ears of the heavenly gods. 


Thanks to the pity: "This is generally the case." 


Because the two of them looked very uncooperative, he did not know if 
they were not listening. If I didn't listen to it, I had to talk about it again. 
The south wind raised his head and frowned. "What do the missing brides 
have in common?" 


Thanks to pity: "There are rich and rich, beautiful and ugly, and wives and 
wives. In a word: there is no law. There is no way to judge what the taste 
of this ghost groom 1s." 


Nanfeng "Well", took a cup and took a sip, it seems to start thinking. 
Shake it up, but he didn’t touch the tea that he pushed to him. He used to 
use a white hand to gently rub his fingers. While rubbing his eyebrows, he 
said coldly: "His Royal Highness, how do you know that it must be a ghost 
groom? Not necessarily, no one has ever seen it. How do you know that it 
is male or female, is it always young? Are you taking it for granted?" 


Thank you, Charles, said: "The scroll is summed up by the civil servants 
of the Temple of the Spirit. The ghost groom is just a folk name. However, 
what you said is very reasonable." 


I also said a few words. Thanks to the pity, the two small military officers 
thought quite clearly. Although they looked bad, the arguments were 
unambiguous and quite gratifying. Looking out the window is too late, the 
three temporarily out of the store. Thanks to the fight, he walked for a 
while, and suddenly he noticed that neither of them had followed, and he 
looked back and looked at it. As a result, the two were also watching him. 
Nanfeng asked: "Where are you going?" 


Thanks for your pity: "Looking for the land. Why do you turn your eyes?" 


The south wind asked wonderingly, "Why are you going to the barren 
hills?" 


When I prayed, I often went to sleep on the street, and when I found a 
piece of cloth, I could lie down for a night. Naturally, I was accustomed to 
finding a cave to make a fire. After he reminded me, this reaction was 
over. This southerly wind and the swaying are the military officers under 
the **** of Valu If there is a Nanyang Temple or a Xuanzhen Temple in 
the vicinity, you can go straight in, why do you need to sleep in the 
wilderness? 


After a short while, the three found a ragged land in a very small corner. 
The fragrant scent broke and looked very deserted for a round and small 


stone land. Thanks for a few voices, this land has not been enshrined for 
many years, and I heard people crying, and I saw the three people standing 
in front of the front, and the left and right sides were covered with a layer 
of upstart-like aura. I couldn’t see my face at all, I was shocked and 
trembled and said: "What can the three immortals have to call?" 


Thank you for your first words: "Do not call. Just ask, can there be a city 
temple dedicated to General Nanyang or General Xuanzhen?" 


The land did not dare to neglect, said: "This is this ..."???,,,,,,5,555555 


DDD DAD EP DP DD DD DD DE DAD DP DD ODP DN DD AD DD DD DS IDE DED DED DEBE De DID: DAD DPD 


Thanks for the pity and the hands together: "Thank you." And the land was 
stunned by the two groups of spirits, and quickly disappeared. Thanks for 
feeling a few dollars in front of the donkey, seeing scattered perfume on 
the side, then pick it up. During the period, I was so worried that I couldn’t 
get tired of my eyes. 


After five miles, I saw a city temple, and the red fire stood on the side of 
the road. Although the temples are small and complete, people come and 
go. The three men concealed themselves into the temple, and the temple 
was filled with clay statues of Nanyang Wushen’s armor. 


Thanks to seeing this statue in the heart, "Hmm...". 


The small temples in the countryside, the statues and paintings of the gods 
can be said to be rough, and the overall appearance is quite different from 
the style of the letterhead in the impression of thanking the pity. 


However, it is a common practice for the gods to be shaped by the gods. 
Don't say that the mother doesn't know each other. Some of the priests see 
their own gods and don't know them. After all, few master craftsmen have 
really seen the priests themselves, so they are either beautiful or ugly, and 
can only recognize which priest is by specific posture, instrument, and 
crown. 


In general, the more enriched the land, the more the gods like the gods. 
The poorer the place, the worse the taste of the craftsman, the more 


miserable the statue is. On the present day, only the general image of 
General Xuan Zhen is better. Why? Because people are ugly and ugly, no 
matter, he sees that he is ugly, he will secretly ruin the reinvention, or 
conceal his dissatisfaction with a dream, so in the long run, The big 
believers will know that they must find a good-looking master! 


The entire Xuanzhen Temple is exactly the same as their generals. After 
swaying into the Nanyang Temple, I have been commenting on this 
Nanyang image for an hour. What shape is distorted, the color is vulgar, 
the craft is inferior, and the taste is strange. Thanks for watching the south 
wind forehead, the blue veins are slowly coming out, thinking that I have 
to find a topic and pull it away. I just saw another girl coming in to pay 
homage, devoutly squatting, and she said: "Say, Nanyang Zhenjun’s home 
is in the southeast, and I didn’t expect you to be so strong in the north.” 


People build temples and temples, which are actually imitations of the 
Heavenly Palace, and the gods are the reflections of the gods. Gongguan 
gathers believers to attract incense and become an important source of 
magical power for the officers. Due to multiple reasons such as 
geographical and historical customs, people from different regions usually 
offer different sacred officials. On his own site, the power of a priest will 
be the strongest, which is the home advantage. It is only the gods of the 
Emperor Wuwu who are all believers in the world and who have the 
priests in the world. Is it completely meaningless at home? The temple of 
his own general is also incense at the non-home court. This is a good 
thing. The south wind should be proud, but it can be awkward, but it 1s not 
good. Aside from the side, it was a slight smile, saying: "Good, good, 
deeply loved." 


Thanks: "But I have a question, I don't know..." 


Nanfeng Road: "If it is ‘I don’t know if it’s not said properly,’ then don’t 
talk.” 


Thanks to the heart: "No. I want to say is ‘I wonder if anyone can answer 
it’ ae 


However, he foresaw that this sentence would be bad, and decided to 
change the topic. Who knows, swaying and arrogant: "I know what you 
want to ask. You must be asking, why are there so many female followers 
who come to visit?" 


It is this question that thank you for asking. 


The female believers in the Wushen system have always been fewer than 
the male followers, and he was only an exception eight hundred years ago. 
However, the reason for the exception is very simple, just two words: 
good-looking. 


He is very clear, not because of his high dedication or extraordinary 
power, just because his **** looks good, his palace view is also good- 
looking. His palace view is almost entirely royal, and the statue is a top 
craftsman who has gathered all the skills of the country, according to his 
face carving. Moreover, because the phrase "in the infinite, heart in 
Taoyuan", craftsmen often like to add some flowers to his god, but also 
like to plant the view into a sea of ??flowers. Therefore, at that time, he 
also had a personal name, called "Corolla Wushen". The believers liked 
his gods to look good, and they liked the flowers in his palace. They would 
like to come in and worship him. 


But the general Wushen, because the gas of killing is too heavy, the face 1s 
often shaped into a serious, embarrassing, cold look, teaching the son-in- 
law, and would rather go to worship Guanyin or something. Although this 
Nanyang image is not in contact with the killing, it is farther away from 
the good side. The number of female followers who come to pay homage 
is almost more than that of male believers. The south wind obviously does 
not want to answer this question. He is quite strange. Just then, the girl 
was finished, got up and took the incense, and turned again. 


This turn, thanked the pity pushed the other two. The two were originally 
very intolerant, and he was pushed by him. As they looked, their faces 
changed. 


Fudao said: "It's too ugly!" 


Thank you for your pity, and said: "I can't say a girl like this." 


In all fairness, it is the truth to support it. The girl was flat and flat, and 
she was like a slap in the face. The five senses said that there were some 
grievances. If you must describe it, you might only use the "snot of the 
nose". 


But in the eyes of Xie, she did not distinguish whether she was beautiful or 
ugly. Mainly because she turned around, a huge hole in the skirt hung 
there, it was impossible to pretend not to see. 


The first wave of surprise was shocked, but it quickly calmed down. The 
blue veins of the southerly frontal angle disappeared without a trace. 


Seeing his face changed greatly, thank you for your help: "Don't be 
nervous. Don't be nervous." 


The girl took the incense and squatted again, and worshipped the side: 
"Nanyang General bless, believe in the female little firefly, pray for the 
early capture of the ghost groom, do not call the innocent people to suffer 
from him..." 


She was pious, and she did not realize that she was behind her, and she was 
unaware that three people were kneeling at the feet of her god. Xie pity is 
quite big and said: "What to do, can't let her go out like this? It will be 
seen all the way back." 


Moreover, looking at the break after her skirt, it 1s clearly deliberately cut 
by people with a sharp weapon, I am afraid that not only will be onlookers, 
but also will be ridiculed by the big rumors, it is really a shame. 


Shake indifferently: "Don't ask me. She is not our general." I don't see 
anything. I didn't see anything." 


The south wind is a handsome face, green and white, only waved, can not 
speak, a good little brother, life was forced into a dumb, did not have to 
count. Xie pity had to go out of his own, and the coat was taken off. The 


coat fluttered to the girl and blocked the very indecent hole in her skirt. 
The three people were relieved. 


But this gust of wind ts really evil, the girl was shocked, looked around, 
took the robe, hesitated for a moment, put it on the platform, but still 
unaware, and after finishing the incense, they have to go out. . If this 1s to 
let her go out again, the little girl is afraid to see her face. Seeing that the 
two ones next to them are not stiff or stiff, they are not used in the 
horizontal and vertical directions. Thank you for your sigh. The south 
wind and the swaying of the air only felt that there was an empty space, 
and the pity had already appeared and jumped. 


The lights in the temple were not dark. He jumped and brought a gust of 
wind. The fire shook. The girl Xiaoying only felt a flower in front of her 
eyes. Then she saw a man suddenly emerged from the darkness and 
stretched out to her. Hand, the soul flies on the spot. 


Unexpectedly, a scream. Xie Li just wanted to talk, the girl had already 
slapped her hand and screamed, shouting: "Indecent!" 


"2". thanked the pity so slap in the face. 


The slaps were crisp, and the two faces and half-faces that were heard on 
the altar were all in the same breath. 


I ate a palm, thanked me for not being annoyed. I only slammed my coat 
over and whispered quickly. The girl was shocked. After she touched her 
body, she suddenly became flushed, and her eyes were filled with tears. I 
wonder if it was hard. Shyly angry, grasped the cloak that thanked her for 
giving her a cover, and flew away, leaving only the pity and thinness 
standing in the same place. When people go to the temple, the cool breeze 
is in the hall, and suddenly, it is a bit cold. 


He rubbed his face and turned around, holding a half of the red palm print, 
and said to the little two: "Okay. It's okay." 


The voice just fell, the south wind pointed to him, said: "You... is the 
wound broken?" 


Thanks for a bow, "Oh," he said. 


He took off his clothes, and the end was a good skin of sheep fat jade, but 
the chest was tightly covered with layers of white cloth, wrapped tightly, 
and even the neck and wrists were full of bandages, countless The tiny 
wound climbed out of the white stretched edge, which was a bit shocking. 


It’s almost a good idea to think of the twisted neck. Thanks to pity, I began 
to untie the bandage. He shook his eyes and said: "Who?" 


Thanks: "What?" 

He swayed: "Who is the warrior with you?" 
Thanks for the pity: "The battle? No." 
Nanfeng: "Then your injury is..." 

Thanks for the pity: "I fell." 


It was the injury that fell when I rolled down three days ago. If you are 
fighting against people, you really can't hurt this level. 


He swayed a few words and didn't hear it. Anyway, he certainly didn't 
praise him for being strong. He didn't ask for it, and he solved a thick 
bandage on his neck. The next moment, the south wind and the swaying 
eyes were all condensed and fell on his neck. 


A black collar with a ring between his white neck. 2k novel reading 
network 


# Chapter 5: Sanhuobao 
Night Talk about Juyang Temple 


I noticed their gaze, thanked me with a slight smile, turned and said: "The 
first time I saw the real curse?" 


Cursing, as the name implies, the shackles formed by the curse. 


The priest who was left behind by the heavens will be condemned as a sin 
seal, imposed on his body, formed a bondage, banned the power of God, 
and taught him to never get rid of it. It is like a tattoo on a person's face or 
a lock on a hand or a foot. It is a punishment and a warning. It is terrifying 
and shameful. 


As a three-story laughing stock that has been beaten twice, Xie Pity 
naturally has such a curse. These two small military officers could not 
have heard of it, but they have heard and witnessed it, and there is still a 
big gap. Therefore, they show such expressions, and thanking them is not 
incomprehensible. 


He guessed that this thing might make the two small military officers feel 
jealous and uncomfortable. After all, it is not a good thing. 


I wanted to find a piece of clothing to wear outside to take a lap, but was 
shaken by a white eye and added a sentence, "You look like this to the 
street, it can be said that it is very sloppy." Blocked back, or the south 
wind to the temple The clothes that the temple wished were thrown at him, 
so that it is no longer necessary to continue to flow. However, after sitting 
down again, I always felt that after a while, the atmosphere became a bit 
embarrassing, so thank you for taking out the scroll from the Lingwen Hall 
and saying, "Would you like to see it again?" 


The south wind raised his eyelids and looked at him. He said, "I have seen 
it. I think he needs to take a good look." 


He yelled: "What makes me need to take a good look. The scroll is not 
well written. It is worthless. It is worth seeing." 


Hearing that he said that the reel is worthless, thanking the pity, he 
couldn’t help but feel a little bit of distressed Lingwendian who wrote the 
scrolls and wrote the little civil servants. Hearing and supporting the road: 
"Ah, where did you say it? Nanyang Temple - why Nanyang believes in 
women, is it?" 


All right. Thanks to the reel, I took a look at the scroll, and I knew it: I 
can’t see it tonight! 


If you can't see the right thing, then let's see what's going on. It turns out 
that in addition to the princes of the Prince who have been ruined in the 
world for hundreds of years, the gods of the heavens are well known. The 
Nanyang Zhenjun Fengxin has been called "Gian|Yang Zhenjun" for some 
time. He himself is referring to this, and it is really abhorrent. And 
everyone's experience of him, there is only one word of thought: "Hey!" 


Because the original correct way of writing is "all positive." The reason 
why it is misrepresented 1s because of such a thing. 


Many years ago, there was a monarch who cultivated the palace view and 
expressed his sincerity. He personally gave the title of each temple to each 
palace. When I wrote "Changyang Temple", somehow, he wrote 
"Gian|Yang Temple". 


This time, officials responsible for the construction of the palace can be 
killed. They are unpredictable, is it that they are deliberately trying to 
change to this, or are they accidentally wrong? If it is intentional, why not 
make it clear that I am going to change this? If not intentionally, how can 
you make such a low-level mistake? He can't always say, "Your Majesty, 
you are wrong." Who knows if His Majesty will feel that he is sarcastic? 
Implying that his knowledge is shallow? Heart dishonest? And this is the 
ink treasure of your majesty, don't you have to be invalid? 


The most difficult thing to speculate under the sun is the meaning of the 
saint. The officials were extremely painful. After thinking about it, they 


still felt that 1t was better to be wronged than to grieve. 


Have to say that they made the right choice. Under the armpits, it turned 
out that the yang became a giant | Yang, there is nothing else to express, 
just invited a group of scholars, vigorously read the ancient books, find out 
the reasons for countless details, wrote many articles, and tried to prove 
that it was originally a giant Yang, Yang 1s the wrong way to write. In 
short, after a night, the National Palace of the Sun has become a giant | 
Yang Temple. 


It was inexplicable to change the name of the gods for more than ten years 
to know about it. He basically never looked at the signboard of his temple, 
but one day he was very depressed. How could it be that there were so 
many women who came to visit him in his temple, and all of them were 
shy and licking their faces, and they were eager to get it. What are the 
gadgets? ! 


After figuring out what was going on, he rushed to the top of the Nine 
Miles and was yelling at the sky in the sky. 


All the priests were shocked by him. 


After the end of the day, there is no way to worship it. He can’t say that he 
can’t go through these devout women, and he has been listening to the 
scalp for many years. Until the giant | Yang was changed to Nanyang by a 
serious monarch who felt that this was simply not a system. Everyone still 
did not forget that he could bless what he would be, besides being a **** 
of war. However, everyone also adheres to a tacit understanding: Never use 
the two words to call him. At the same time, it also adheres to a cognition: 
How to evaluate Nanyang Zhenjun? One word: Good! 


Just don't let him open his mouth, everything is fine! 


The face of the south wind has been black and the bottom of the pot is old. 
This box is still a poem, and Sven is authentic: "Friends of women, the 
strongest child. The secret of the aphrodisiac, send son Nanyang. Ah haha, 
ah haha, Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha...... " 


Xie Li reluctantly held back the smile and left him a face in front of the 
statue of Nanyang. The south wind is furious: "You don't come here to yin 
and yang, you have to go to sweep the ground!" 


This sentence, the face of the swaying 1s also the bottom of the pot. If the 
Nanyang Temple is to hear the words of the people, the Xuanzhen Temple 
is not to hear the words of the people. Because the emperor is doing the 
chores in the emperor's view, it is the whole day to give the Prince the 
Prince's polite tea to sweep the floor. One day, thanking him for watching 
him while sweeping the ground and silently practicing his mouth, he was 
moved by the spirit of his hard work and adversity, and he went to the 
national division to ask him to be a disciple. How do you say this? It can 
be big or small, but it can be humiliating and beautiful. It depends on what 
the parties think. Obviously, the parties think that this is a shame of life, 
because the admiration and the military commanders under his seat are all 
heard by the word. Sure enough, the support was fixed, and I glanced at the 
innocent smile of the hand, and sneered: "Listen to what you said, I don't 
know if you think that Nanyang Temple is more than the Prince Edward." 


The south wind also sneered: "Your general is indeed ungrateful. Is there 
anything to say?" 


"Oh..." Xie Li just wanted to insert a sentence and sway "Ahaha": "Your 
general is only a hundred steps to laugh, is it possible to poke a little?" 


'..." Listening to them like this as a big stick and hammering the backbone 
of the other officer's backbone, thank you finally can't listen, said: "Wait, 
wait. Stop, stop." 


Naturally, no one cares about him, and he still starts to move his hands. I 
don’t know who is the first to do it. Anyway, the table is split in two, and 
the bones are rolling over the ground. Thanks for seeing this, I couldn’t 
hold it anymore, sitting in the corner, sighing “Creating a career’, licking 
a little girl rolling to the feet, wiping the skin and preparing to eat it. 
Immediately slap him off: "Don't eat!" 


Shake also stopped, shocked and disgusted: "You can still eat in the ash!" 


Thanks for the gesture, thank you for saying: "Stop, stop, stop. I have 
something to say." 


He separated the two, and he said with joy: "First, the prince of your 
prince who said in your mouth is exactly what you are. There 1s no talk 
under the lord. You should not throw me as a weapon and throw it at the 
other side." And added another sentence, "I think the two generals in your 
family will definitely not be like this. You are so decent, what are their 
faces?" 


When the sentence is huge, the two look a little unpredictable. Thanks 
again and again: "Second, you are here to help me, right? Then, are you 
listening to me, or am I listening to you?" 


For a long while, two talents said: "Listen to you." 


Although their faces look like they are saying, "You dream, listen to you," 
but Xie Pity is also very satisfied, "?" with a clasped hands, said: "Good. 
Finally, the third, the most important point - - If you must throw 
something, then please drop me, don't throw it away." 


Nanfeng finally picked him up and put it in his hand. He wanted to find a 
chance to eat it. He couldn’t bear it: "Don’t eat it on the ground!" 


The next day, I still meet the store. 
Dr. Tea raised his bones at the door and saw the three-person line near. A 
Taoist man was light and simple, carrying a fight in front of him, and two 


tall black teenagers followed. 


The man came up with his hand and applied it, but he was more like a idler 
than him: "The store, tired of three cups of tea." 


Dr. Tea laughed: "Come on!" 


I thought: "The three silly little brothers are coming again. It is a pity that 
they are a decent one. The brain is more than one. It is a god, what is a 


god, what a ghost, what day." What is the use of this person to be sick and 
to be decent?" 


Thanks for the sake of the window. After sitting down together, Nanfeng 
Road: "Why come here to talk, do you want to be heard by others?" 


Thank you for your kindness: "It doesn't matter. Even if you hear someone 
else, you won't care. You only think we are sick." 


Thanks to the pity: "In order to avoid the three of us who have been 
relatively sloppy like this, open the door. After calming down after a night, 
have you thought of any solution?" 


With a glimpse of his eyes, he said coldly: "Kill!" 
South Wind Road: "Crap!" 


Thanks to the pity: "Nanfeng, you don't want to be so fierce, and you don't 
have to make a mistake. The fundamental way to solve the problem is to 
kill. The question is where to go, who to kill, how to kill. I suggest..." 


At this time, the street was filled with a bang and drums, and the three 
looked out the window. 


It was also the team’s miserable “send a kiss”. This group of people blew 
and beat, even calling the number, as if afraid of others can not hear. 
Nanfeng frowned: "Isn't it true that I don't dare to do anything with the 
locals near Junshan?" 


Each of the team is a strong black sturdy man. His expression and muscles 
are tight and tight, and he is cold and sweaty. It seems that they are not 
carrying a happy big sedan chair, but a deadly decapitation. . I don’t know 
what kind of person is sitting in the sedan chair? 


Indulge in a moment, thanking the pity to think of going out, a gust of 
wind blowing, the curtain on one side of the sedan chair picked up with the 
wind. 


The man behind the curtain squatted in the sedan chair in a very strange 
position. Her head was awkward, and a red-colored mouth was revealed 
under the cover, and the smile on the corner of her mouth was too 
exaggerated. As soon as the sedan chair was upside down, the cover 
slipped down, revealing a pair of round eyes and licking this side. 


It seems that it is a woman who has broken her neck and is laughing at 
them silently. 


I don't know if the bearer's hand shakes too much, the sedan chair is not 
stable, and the woman's head is also swaying. Shaking, "?", a head fell, and 
the bones rolled onto the street. 


And the headless body sitting in the sedan chair was also thrown forward - 
"2", the whole person saved the car door. 2k novel reading network 


# Chapter 6: Ghostly pro- 
pals on the sedan 


A bearer did not pay attention, stepped on one arm and took the lead in 
yelling. The team that sent the pro to blasted the pot immediately. The 
good guy, the group of people brushed the brush and smashed a large knife 
of white flowers, shouting: What's wrong?! Is it coming?!" I don't know 
where I used to hide. The street was smashed into a piece, and the pity was 
fixed again. The separated head was not a living person, but a wooden doll. 


Shake again and said: "It's too ugly!" 


Just as Dr. Tea came up with a copper pot, thanked him for thinking about 
his spirit yesterday. "The store, I saw this group of people blowing on the 
street yesterday. See you today, what are they doing?" 


Dr. Tea said: "Do death." 
"Ha ha ha..." 


Xie pity is not unexpected, said: "Do they want to bring out the ghost 
groom?" 


Dr. Tea said: "Can you still do what you want? There is a bride's heavy 
reward for finding his daughter, catching the ghost groom, and this group 
of people will be so smoky all day long." 


The embarrassment of this reward is inevitably the official. Thanks again, 
he glanced at the head of the shoddy woman on the ground, knowing that 
they wanted to use this dummy to disguise the bride. 


Just listen to the sorrowful voice: "If I am a ghost groom, send me such a 
ugly thing, I will destroy the town." 


Thanks to pity: "When you shake, you are not like a fairy. You can change 
your habit of turning your eyes. It is better to set a small goal for yourself. 


Only five times a day. some type of." 


Nanfeng Road: "You don't have enough time to give him a day and fifty 
times!" 


At this time, the team suddenly drilled a young man, and he was full of 
energy. He looked like a leader. He shouted: "Listen to me, listen to me! It 
doesn't work like this! How many squats have we ran in these days?" Did 
the ghost groom be led out?" 


The big Hans have echoed and complained, and the young man said: "In 
my opinion, it is better not to do two endlessly, directly rushing into the 
Junshan, everyone to search for the mountain, to catch the ugly eight 
monsters to kill! I take the lead, the **** good guys are with I am coming, 
killing the ugly, and rewarding everyone!" 


A group of men first seldom pulled a few words, and gradually increased 
their voices. Finally, everyone responded, and it sounded so loud. Xie pity 
asked: "Ugly ugly? Store, what are they saying about this ugly?" 


Dr. Tea said: "It 1s said that the ghost groom is a ugly monster living in 
Junshan. It is because it is too ugly, no woman likes it, so it is resentful, 
and it is not a good thing to rob someone else's bride." 


There is no record on the scroll of the Lingwen Hall. Thanks to the pity: 
"Is there such a statement? Is it not a guess?" 


Dr. Tea said: "Who knows, it is said that many people have seen that the 
whole face is bandaged, his eyes are fierce, and he can only speak like a 
wolf dog. It is a god." 


He swayed: "The bandages on the face are not necessarily ugly, but it may 
be because it is too beautiful to be seen." 


Dr. Tea was speechless for a moment and said: "Who knows, I have never 
seen it before." 


At this time, the street uploaded a girl’s voice and said: "You... don’t listen 
to him, don’t go, it’s dangerous with Junshan...” 


The girl who was hiding in the corner of the street was the little girl who 
came to the Nanyang Temple to pray for the night. 


When she saw her, she felt a little pain in her face, and she unconsciously 
raised her hand and touched it. 


When the young man saw her, she didn't have a good color. She pushed her 
and said: "The big men are talking, what is a little girl?" 


Xiaoying was pushed by him, a little shivering, courage, and whispered: 
"Don't listen to him. Whether it's a fake kiss or a search for a mountain, 
it's so dangerous, isn't it dead?" 


Xiaonong said: "You are very good at speaking. Let's make a big guy fight 
for the name to kill the people. What about you? Selfishness, don't pretend 
to be a bride on the sedan chair. For the sake of the people here, there is no 
courage. Now come again. What hinders us, what is your heart?" 


Every time he said a word, he pushed the girl and saw that the people in 
the store frowned. Thanks for patience and bowing his wrist bandage, he 
heard Dr. Tea said: "This little Pengtou, I wanted to marry this girl as a 
fake bride, and the mouth was like a honey, the girl refused, now it is this 
face. It is." 


On the street, a group of big men also said: "You don't stand here to stop 
the road, go to the side!" Xiaoying saw, a flat face rose red, tears in the 
eyelids turned, said: " You... why do you have to say this?" 


The young man said again: "Is it right? I want you to pretend to be a bride. 
Are you not willing to die?" 


Xiao Huidao: "I don't dare, but you don't have to scratch or scratch my 
skirt..." 


When she mentioned this, the young man was poked in a moment and 
jumped up. He pointed to her nose and said: "You are ugly and ugly here 
with blood spray! I cut your skirt? You look at me!" Who knows if you 
want to show it to yourself and give it to you? Who knows that your ugly 
face is broken and no one is watching, you don't want to rely on me!" 


The south wind couldn’t be heard anymore, and the teacup “Takaka” was 
broken in the hand. Just as he was about to get up, the white shadow 
fluttered around him. And Xiao Pengtou, who was just three feet high, 
yelled, and his face fell to the ground, and the blood of the ticking between 
the fingers ran out. 


Everyone didn't have time to see what was going on. He was already 
sitting on the ground. He thought it was a small firefly. Whoever saw her 
again couldn't see it anymore. A white Taoist person was in front of her. 


Xie pity hands clasped sleeves, the head does not return, smiled at 
Xiaoying, slightly bent, and looked at her, asked: "This girl, I wonder if I 
can invite you to eat a cup of tea?" 


There was a pain in the mouth and mouth of Xiao Pengtou over there. A 
face hurt as if it had been beaten by a steel whip. But this person clearly 
did not bring a weapon, nor did he see how he shot and used what he shot. 
He groaned and climbed, screaming and shouting: "This person makes the 
demon law!" 


Behind them, a group of big men listened to the "demon" and they raised 
their swords. Who knows, the south wind suddenly took a shot, "snap"! A 
column was broken. 


Seeing this divine power, a group of big men’s faces changed, and Xiao 
Peng’s head was stunned, but he was still hard. He ran and yelled at them 
as he ran: “I am planted today, which hero are you? Leave your name, we 
will come back later..." 


The south wind did not bother to answer, but the support was on the side: 
"Let's say that this is a huge..." 


The south wind backhand was another palm, and the two were so 
unmovably removed. Xie Liben wanted to ask the little girl to come in and 
sit down and give her a fruit tea to eat. She wiped her tears and walked 
away. She had to look at her back and sigh, and she came in. When I came 
in, Dr. Tea said: "The pillars remember to pay." 


So when she sat down, she said to the south wind: "The pillars remember 
to pay." 


south wind:"...... 


Thanks to pity: "Before that, we must do business first. Whoever borrows 
me a mana, | have to go through the spiritual array to verify the 
intelligence." 


The south wind raised his hand, and the two men sweared as an oath, 
which made it a very simple contract. In this way, thank you finally can 
enter the spirits. 


As soon as he entered, he listened to the spirit: "Your Highness finally 
borrowed mana? Is it possible to travel smoothly in the north? How about 
the help of the two small servants who recommended themselves?" 


Xie pity looked up and glanced at the pillar that was cut off by the south 
wind. There was also a cold face and a refreshing eye, and said: "The two 
small military officers have their own merits. They are all plastic." 


Lingwen smiled and said: "That is really to congratulate General Nanyang 
and General Xuanzhen. According to His Royal Highness, these two small 
military officers must have a promising future. Flying is a good day." 


After a while, the voice of admiration came out coldly and said: "He did 
not inform me about his trip. He went, and I know nothing about it." 


Thank you for your pity: "You really stayed in the psychic array all day 
long..." 


Lingwen said: "His Royal Highness, where are you going now? The north 
is the place where the generals are sitting in the town. The incense is very 
prosperous. If there is a need for His Royal Highness, he can stay in his 
Mingguang Hall." 


Thanks to pity: "You don't have to bother. There is no Mingguang Temple 
in the vicinity. We have settled in a Nanyang Temple. Ask, Lingwen, do 
you have more information about this ghost groom?" 


Lingwen said: "Yes. The rating in our temple is out, it 1s 'fierce."" 
"fierce"! 


For the evil spirits and ghosts of the human world, according to their 
abilities, the Lingwen Temple divides them into "evil", "strong", "fierce" 
and "absolute". 


"Evil" kills one person, "Li" can destroy one, and "violent" can kill a city. 
The most terrible "absolute", but when they are born, it will be a disaster 
for the country and the people. 


This ghost and groom in the Junshan is actually a "fierce" chapter, second 
only to the "absolute", then, those who have seen him, I am afraid that it is 
unlikely to retreat. 


Therefore, after the psychic array, after telling the rest of the two people, 
Nanfeng said: "Those ugly and bandaged men are mostly rumors. 
Otherwise they just see something else." 


Thanks to the pity: "There is another possibility. For example, in a certain 
situation, this ghost groom will not, or can not hurt." 


There are quite a few words in the sway: "The Lingwen Temple is really 
inefficient. It takes so long to get a rating. What to use!" 


Thanks to pity: "Well, I know something about the strength of the enemy. 
But since it is fierce, the ghost groom must be very strong, and the dummy 
can't deceive him. If we want to lead him out, the person who sent the pro- 


team will You can't behave with a sham, and you can't have a blade. The 
most important thing is that the bride must be a living person." 


Fudao said: "Let's find a woman on the street to let her do the bait." 
The south wind vetoed: "No." 
Fudao said: "Why? Unwilling? I will be willing to pay." 


Thanks to pity: "When you shake, even if a woman is willing, this method 
is best not to use. This ghost groom is a murderer. If it is a miss, we will 
not be like it, but if the bride is taken away, a weak woman can’t escape. I 
can’t resist, I’m afraid there will be only one dead road.” 


He swayed: "If you can't find a woman, you can only find a man." 
Nanfeng Road: "Where to find a man who is willing to dress up..." 
The voice did not fall, and the eyes of both of them shifted. 

Xie Li is still smiling: "???" 

Late, Nanyang Temple. 

Thanks to the pity, the head turned out from behind the temple. 


When the two people at the temple gate looked at it, the south wind 
screamed on the spot: "Fuck!!!" rushed out. 


Thanks for a moment, said: "Where 1s it?" 
It’s a gentle handsome man who can see it and see it at a glance. 


But for this reason, a handsome and handsome man wearing a woman's 
wedding dress, this picture, many people may not be able to look directly. 
For example, in the south wind, he may not accept it personally, so the 
reaction is so intense. 


Thanks for watching and standing in the same place, his eyes glanced up 
and down in a complicated way, saying: "Do you have anything to say?" 


Nodded and nodded, said: "If I am a ghost groom, whoever sends this 
woman to me..." 


Thanks to pity: "Are you going to kill this town?" 
Shake the cold and honestly: "No, I will kill this woman." 
Thanks and smiled: "That can only say, fortunately, I am not a woman." 


He swayed: "I feel that you are better off asking the Psychic Array now to 
see if any of the priests are willing to teach you how to change, more 
practical." 


There are indeed several priests in the heavens who are familiar with the 
law of transformation because of special needs. But I am afraid that it will 
be too late to learn again. At that end, Nanfeng’s face came in. When he 
finished, he calmed down a lot. This is exactly the same as the general he 
served. Thank you for watching the sky is too late, said: "Well, the cover is 
the same." He said that he had to cover himself, but he raised his hand and 
said: "And slow. You don't know how the ghost groom hurts. If he 1s 
deceived when he uncovers his hair, he will become a sudden change 
under the wrath of anger. 


Thanks for listening to this, it makes sense, but when he stepped forward, 
he heard a "squeaky" sound. 


The red wedding dress that was raised for him was not very fit. 


The original woman's body shape is much smaller. When he wears it, the 
waist is not very different, but the sleeves are lifted, and they are 
extremely restrained. When the action is big, the clothes are torn open. 
Just as he found everywhere where the crack was broken, there was a voice 
at the entrance of the temple: "Excuse me..." 


The three looked at the sound, and saw Xiaoying’s hand holding a folded 
white dress, standing at the entrance of the temple and staring at them. 


She said: "I remember seeing you here last night, I want to see if I will 
meet... I have washed the clothes, put it here. Thank you, yesterday and 
today." 


Xie Pity is about to smile at her, suddenly remembered what he is like 
now, decided not to talk too scary. 


Who knows, Xiaoyan not only was not scared by him, but went a step 
forward and said: "You are... if you like, I help you?" 


"..." Thanks, "No, girl, don't misunderstand, I don't have this hobby." 


Xiaoying said: "I know that I know. I mean if you don't give up, I can help 
you. You... are you going to catch the ghost groom?" 


Her voice and face suddenly rose up and said: "I, I will change the clothes, 
I have needlework with me, I can change it if I am not good, I will dress 
up, I will help you!" 


After the two musk, thanked again, bowed his head and came out from 
behind the temple. 


This time, the bride's hijab has been covered, and the south wind and the 
swaying seem to want to sneak a glimpse, but ultimately decided to 
cherish their eyes. The sedan chair they found was at the entrance of the 
temple, and the carefully selected bearers had long waited for a long time. 
The moon and the night are high, and the Prince’s Highness is so a new 
wedding dress, sitting on the red flower. 2k novel reading network 


# Chapter 7: Ghostly pro-pals on the sedan 


The sedan chair, the whole body car are all red satin, the color line 
embroidered with flowers and moons and dragons and phoenixes. The 
south wind and the swaying two people are left and right, and the guards 
are on the side of the sedan chair. Thanks to the pity, he walked in the 
sedan, walking with the bearer, and swaying. 


The eight bearers of the eight-lifted sedan are all military officers of the 
martial arts. The south wind and the swaying in order to find the martial 
arts high-powered bearers to pretend to send the pro-team, directly on the 
official's house, revealing a hand, saying that it is going to the night to 
explore with Junshan. The lord said that he would pull out a row of 
military officers from the high school. However, the reason why they want 
to find martial arts superiority is not to expect them to help, but to ask 
them to escape from self-protection when the murderer is in trouble. 


In fact, the eight military officers also did not think much about them. 
They are a good first-class player in the government. Where is the leader 
of the group? These two little white faces actually ride on their heads as 
soon as they come up, and they also make them a bearer. It can be said that 
it is very unpleasant. The master's order must be inconsistent, strong in the 
heart of disdain, but the heart is angry, it is inevitable to attack, 
deliberately from time to time, the foot is awkward, the hand is shocked, 
and a sedan chair is uplifted. The outsiders can't see it, but the people 
sitting in the sedan chair are only slightly delicate, and they are afraid to 
vomit. 


Upside down, I heard the politeness in the sedan chair sighed low, and 
several military officers could not help but secretly smug. 


Shake it outside and cool down: "Miss, what's wrong with you? When you 
are older, you will cry." 


Indeed, many of the brides are out of the cabinet, and many of them are 
crying on the sedan chair. Thanks for the pity and sorrow, but when I 
opened my mouth, my voice was calm and free. I didn’t have a slight 
disappointment. “No. It’s just that I suddenly found out that this is a very 
important thing in the pro-team.” 


Nanfeng Road: "What is missing? We should all prepare for this 
preparation." 


Thanks and laughs: "Two dowry." 


The two outsiders glanced at each other and didn't know what to imagine. 
It was a bit of aversion. He swayed: "You are poor at home, no money to 
buy, you can do it." 


Thanks for your pity: "Well." 


The bearers of the bearers listened to their instigations, and they all 
couldn’t help it. As a result, the dissatisfaction of the heart was dissipated 
a lot. The intention of being close was a little more, and the sedan chair 
was also stable. Thanks to pity, he leaned back and was sitting in danger 
and closed his eyes. 


Who knows, not long after, a string of children's laughter suddenly 
sounded in his ear. 


Giggle, oh, haha. 


Laughter spread like a sly in the mountains, ethereal and strange. 
However, the sedan chair did not stop, and still walked steadily. Even the 
south wind and the swaying sound did not sound, it seems that no 
abnormalities were found. 


Xie pity opened his eyes and whispered: "South wind, help." 


The south wind is on the left side of the sedan chair and asks: "What 
happened?" 


Thanks for the pity: "There is something coming." 


At this time, this "send to the pro-team" has gradually entered the depths 
of Junshan. 


The silence of the four wilderness, even the sound of the wooden sedan, 
the sound of the dead leaves and the sound of the bearers' breaths, 
appeared to be slightly noisy in the silence of this party. 


The laughter of the child has not disappeared. From time to time, as if in 
the depths of the forest, from time to time, as if lying on the side of the 
sedan. 


The southerly look is condensed: "I didn't hear any sound." 
The swaying is also cold: "I don't have it." 
The rest of the bearers are even less likely to have. 


Thanks to the pity: "That is to say, it is deliberately only let me hear it 
alone. 


The eight military officers are from the martial arts high-powered, plus 
the feeling that the ghosts and grooms are not regular, and they will not 
return tonight, and they are not afraid, but somehow, they suddenly think 
of the forty incompetent missing pro-weapons. A few of the foreheads 
suddenly showed a cold sweat. Thanks to pity, someone was stagnating, 
and said, "Don't stop. There is nothing to pretend." 


The south wind waved and signaled them to continue. Thanks again, "He is 
singing." 


He asked: "What are you singing?" 


Listen carefully to the voice of the child, thank you for a word, one 
sentence and one sentence: "New married mother, new married mother, 
new bride on the red flower sedan..." 


In the middle of the night, his slightly slow voice was clear, and he was 
clearly reading, but the eight military officers seemed to hear the sound of 
a childish child, and he was singing this strange little with him. The heart 
iS creepy. 


Xie pity continued: "Tears, over the hills, under the cover of the head... I 
laughed... Ghost new... Ghost and groom? Or what?" 


After a pause, he said: "No. It has been laughing, I can't hear it." 
Nanfeng frowned: "What do you mean?" 


Thanks to the pity: "The literal meaning 1s to let the bride sitting in the 
sedan chair, just cry, don't laugh." 


Nanfeng Road: "I mean this thing is running to remind you what it means." 


Shake but always have different opinions, said: "It may not be a reminder, 
it may be deliberately contrary to its own way, in fact, laughter can be 
safe, but its purpose is to deceive people cry. It is difficult to protect the 
brides of the past is not so When." 


Thanks to pity: "When the ordinary bride, I heard this voice on the road, I 
was scared to death, I was scared to death, and I laughed. And, no matter 
what I cried or laughed, what was the worst result? ?" 


Fudao said: "It was robbed." 
Thanks: "The purpose of our trip tonight is not this?" 


There was a sound in the nose, but it didn’t continue to refute. Thanks, 
"There is one thing, I think I have to tell you." 


South Wind Road: "What?" 


Thanks to the pity: "I started laughing when I started from the sedan 
chair." 


" " 


The voice just fell, and the car body suddenly sank! 


The eight military officers outside suddenly had a riot, and the sedan chair 
stopped completely. The south wind shouted: "Don't panic!" 


Thanks for the slightest rise, he said: "What happened?" 
Shake the ground: "Nothing. Meet a group of beasts." 


When he had just finished answering, thanked Pity and heard a scream of 
wolverine breaking through the night sky. 


The wolves block! 


I don’t think it’s too normal to think about it. “Ask, is there a lot of wolves 
in Junshan?” 


An armed officer carrier replied outside: "I have never heard of it! How 
could this be with Junshan!" 


Thank you for raising your eyebrows and saying, "Well, then we are 
coming to the right place." 


The barren mountain wolves are nothing more than the south wind and the 
swaying, but they can't help the group of military officers who climbed the 
molds on the tip of the sword all the year round, but they were all 
pondering the ghostly songs in the ghosts, which was too late to be 
shocked. In the wild forest of the night, a pair of dark-eyed wolf eyes lit 
up, and one after another hungry wolf slowly came out of the forest and 
surrounded. But this can be seen as a beast that can be beaten, compared 
with something that can't be touched, but it is much stronger, so everyone 
is gearing up and ready to launch a big fight. However, the good play is 
still behind. Followed by their pace, rustling, sly, like a beast, a strange, 
strange voice. 


A military officer was shocked: "This... what is this! What is this!!!" 


The south wind also snorted. Thanks for knowing that there is a sudden 
change in the mind, I want to stand up and say: "What happened?" 


The south wind immediately said: "Don't come out!" 


Thanks to the pity, the car body jerked, and it seemed that something was 
lying on the car door. His head was not low, his eyes narrowed slightly, and 
from the gap under the hijab, he saw a black back. 


It actually came into the sedan chair! 


The thing slammed into the car door, but it was suddenly dragged out by 
the outside. The south wind shouted in front of the sedan chair: "Fucking, 
itis a slave!" 


One listens to the slave, thank you for knowing that this can be 
troublesome. 


In the judgment of the Lingwen Temple, the slaves are a kind of thing that 
is not worthy of even the "bad" evaluation. 


It is said that the slaves were originally human, but now, even if they are 
humans, it is also a deformed person. It has a face and a face, but it 1s 
ambiguous; it has hands and feet, but it is unable to go straight; it has teeth 
and teeth, but it bites for a long time. However, if you let everyone choose, 
everyone would rather encounter a more terrible "evil" or "severe" and 
would not want to encounter it. 


Because, slaves are often associated with other demons and ghosts. The 
prey is fighting the enemy, and it pops up, using its entangled hands and 
feet, the sticky body/liquid, and the partner who goes on and on, the 
entanglement of the prey with cowhide. Despite its low fighting power, but 
because it is extremely tenacious and often appears in groups, you can't 
open them, and it's hard to kill them quickly. Gradually, it will be 
exhausted by it, and it will be stumped by it. There will always be a 
momentary intention, and it will be succeeded by the enemies waiting for 
the opportunity. 


After the prey is killed by other monsters and demon ghosts, the slaves 
will be stunned by the other side's leftover limbs, and they will be eaten 
with gusto. 


This is really a very disgusting thing. If it is the sacred officer of the 
heavenly court, the sacred light will release a weapon and sacrifice, 
naturally it will scare them to avoid the three homes, but for the small 
priests of the heavenly heavens, this thing is very difficult to entangle. The 
swaying is far from evil: "I, the most hateful, this thing! The Temple of the 
Spirit, did you say that there is this?" 


Thanks for your pity: "No." 
Fudao said: "What is the use for him!" 
Thank you for asking: "How many are you coming?" 


South Wind Road: "More than one hundred, maybe more! Don't come 
out!" 


The more and more such things, the more powerful, more than ten will be 
difficult to deal with. More than one hundred? It’s more than enough to 
kill them alive. It generally likes to live in a populous place, and never 
imagined that there would be so many ones in Junshan. Thanks a little bit 
of thought, slightly raised his arms, revealing a small half of the bandaged 
wrist. 


He said: "Go." 


When the two words came out, the white smack automatically slipped 
from his wrist. If there was life, he flew out from the curtain of the sedan 
chair. 


Thanks for the pity, sitting in the sedan, Wen said: "strangle." 
In the middle of the night, a white snake was swam out. 


The white sham fake bandages seem to be at most a few feet when 
wrapped in Xie's hands, but the ghostly lightning shuttle is like a smashing 
crowd, but it seems endless. Just listen to the "catch" and "??" a series of 
gaps that do not leave a crisp sound, dozens of wild wolves, slaves, and the 
moment they are broken by the neck! 


The six slaves who were entangled in the south wind fell to the ground in 
an instant. He flew a wild wolf in one palm, but he did not escape from the 
danger. He said to the sedan chair incredulously: "What is that!! You are 
not without mana." Drive the magic weapon?!" 


Thanks to the pity: "There are always exceptions in everything..." 


Nanfeng was very angry, and he shot the car door: "Thank you! You said 
clearly, what exactly is 1t?! Is it..." 


In this palm of his hand, the entire sedan chair was almost scattered, and 
Xie Pity had to raise his hand to help the door. The slightest glimpse of the 
two styles of the South Wind reminded him of the appearance of the old 
wind. The south wind has yet to be said, and the screams of the military 
officers came from far away. Shake the cold channel: "If there 1s anything, 
I will repel this wave first!" 


The south wind could not, but had to go to the rescue. Xie pity quickly 
returned to God and said: "The south wind is shaking, you should go first." 


The south wind turned back: "What?" 


Thanks to pity: "You will always have something around the sedan chair. If 
you can't finish it, let's take it first. I will stay with the groom." 


The south wind has to be stunned again: "You are alone..." He shook the 
other side and said coldly: "He can drive the shackle anyway, and he can't 
do anything for a while. You have time to pull and pull, it's better to settle 
down first." This group will come back to help. I will go first." 


He was so sloppy, and he walked away, not for a moment. The south wind 
bit his teeth, knowing what he said is not empty, but also to the remaining 
several military officials: "Follow me first!" 


Sure enough, after leaving the sedan chair, the wolves and the slaves were 
still entangled, but there was no new wave of siege. The two men guarded 
four military officers. On the road, they fought and shook their voices: 
"There is no reason, if not me..." 


With all this in mind, the two looked at each other with a gaze. He 
swallowed his words and turned to the beginning. Both of them 
temporarily stopped accepting and continued to rush. 


Around the sedan chair, the corpse is full of land. 


If the evil spirits had already strangled the wolves and the slaves who had 
been thrown up, they flew back and automatically wrapped back his wrists. 
Cherished sitting quietly in the sedan, surrounded by boundless darkness 
and rustling trees. 


Suddenly, everything 1s quiet. 


The sound of the wind, the sound of Lin Haisheng, the sound of the 
monsters, all of them suddenly fell into a dead silence, as if they were 
jealous of something. 


Then he heard a very light smile. 

Like a young man, it is like a teenager. 

Thank you for your pity. 

If evil spirits are quietly wrapped around his hands, he is ready to go. As 
soon as the coming out reveals a murderous temper, it will immediately go 


back ten times with madness. 


Who knows, he did not wait for the sudden pains and killings, but he 
waited for something else. 


The curtain of the sedan chair was slightly picked up, and through the gap 
under the bright red hijab, thank you for seeing, the man extended a hand 
to him. 


The knuckles are clear. The third finger is tied with a red line. In the 
slender and pale hands, it seems like a bright knot. 2k novel reading 
network 


# Chapter 8: Ghostly pro-pals on the sedan 


Give, or not? 


Thanks for your pity, I haven’t thought about it yet. It’s time to continue. 
I’m sitting on it, or I’m going to hide behind the panicked young lady. The 
owner of the hand is Very patient and quite graceful, he does not move, he 
does not move, it seems that he is waiting for his reply. 


For a long while, the ghost made the difference, and thanked the pity for 
reaching out. 


He stood up and went to open the curtain to the sedan, but the other party 
had taken the first step and provoked a red curtain for him. The man took 
his hand, but he did not hold it too tightly, as if he was afraid of pinching 
him, but it gave him a cautious illusion. 


Xie pity lowered his head, led by him, slowly came out of the sedan chair, 
and now he saw a wolf corpse shackled by Ruo Ruo, and his heart twitched 
slightly, his feet twitched, and he panted forward. go with. 


The comer immediately backhanded and helped him. 


This support, thankfulness is also a backhand grip, only to feel something 
cold and cold, it turns out that the person wearing a pair of silver 
wristbands. 


This wristband is gorgeous and exquisite, and the pattern 1s ancient. It is 
carved with maple leaves, butterflies, and beasts. It is quite mysterious 
and not like the Central Plains. It is like an alien antiquities. Kankan 
buckled the wrist of this person, looking refined and neat. 


Icy silver, pale hands, lifeless, but a bit murderous and evil. 


His fall is pretending to be a temptation, and if the evil spirits are always 
entangled under the wide sleeves, they are ready to go. However, the 
person who came here only took his hand and led him forward. 


Thanks for the pity, the cover is not clear, and the second 1s to delay the 
time. Therefore, the intention is very slow, and the other party is also very 
slow with his pace. The other hand comes from time to time. Holding him, 
as if he was afraid that he would fall again. Although Xie Pity is a 
120,000-point vigilance, I can't help but think: "If this is really a groom, it 
is really gentle and considerate." 


At this moment, he suddenly heard a very soft voice. Every time the two 
took a step, the sound would be clear and loud. Just as he was pondering 
what it was, there was a sudden roar of wild beasts. 


Wild wolf! 


Thanks for the slight movement of the body, if the evil is suddenly on his 
wrist. 


Who knows, he still has no movements, but the person holding him has 
patted him twice on the back of his hand, as if he is comforting, so that he 
should not worry. These two, light can be said to be gentle, thank you for a 
slight glimpse, and the burst of low roar has been pressed. After a closer 
look, he suddenly discovered that these wolves were not snarling but 
choked. 


That is clearly a sob of the beast that fears to the extreme, can't move, and 
dying. 


His curiosity about who is coming 1s getting stronger. I just wanted to 
cover the hijab and take a look at it. I can also know that it is not 
appropriate. I can only see the leopard through the gap under the red hijab. 
What I saw was the hem of a red dress. Under the red clothes, a pair of 
black leather boots are walking slowly. 


The pair of black leather boots were tightly packed, and a pair of slender, 
straight legs went up, and they walked along, and it was beautiful. There 


are two small pieces of silver chain hanging on the side of the black boots. 
Every step, the silver chain shakes and makes a crisp creaking sound. It is 
nice. 


This footstep is careless, with a light, more like a teenager. However, 
every step of his life is 1n the chest, as if no one can hinder his pace. 
Whoever dares to block his way, who is waiting to be crushed by him. In 
this way, it is to teach the pity and to say no, this is what kind of character. 


Just as he thought about himself, suddenly, the white things on the ground 
broke into his eyes. 


It is a skull cover. 
Xie pity at the foot stagnate for a moment. 


He saw at a glance that there was a problem with the way the skull was 
placed. This is clearly the corner of a certain array of methods. If it 
touches it, it is feared that the entire formation will immediately attack 
this point. But looking at the pace of the boy, it seems that I didn’t notice 
that there was something there. He was trying not to make a sound 
reminder, only to hear the "kick" sound of a terrible sound, just see the 
young man go down and instantly smash the skull cover. 


Then, as if he didn't feel anything in general, he walked indifferently on 
the pile of powder. 


Thanks: "..." 


He actually, just like this, stepped on the whole array, and turned it into a 
pile of waste powder... 


At this time, the boy’s foot was next. Thanks to the heart, I thought if he 
should have some action, but the boy only stayed for a while and 
continued to lead him forward. After two steps, there was a sudden "drip 
reply" sound, as if a little raindrop hit the umbrella. It turned out that the 
boy was holding up an umbrella and blocking it on the head of the two. 


Although it was out of date, Xie pity couldn’t help but praise him for 
being considerate, but my heart was still quite strange: "Is it raining?" 


Qq Montenegro, wilderness forest. Far from the depths of the mountains, 
the wolves are long on the moon. I don't know if it was because of a killing 
in the mountains, and there was a faint **** smell in the cold air. 


The feelings of the scene, the enchantment is extremely. But the boy took 
him in one hand and held the umbrella in one hand. He slowly moved 
forward, but it was a fascinating wind and moon. 


The strange rain was amazing, and it was amazing. After a while, the 
sound of the raindrops and the drops of the umbrella disappeared. The boy 
also settled in the set, seemingly put away the umbrella, and at the same 
time, finally took his hand and took a step closer to him. 


Holding his hand along the way, gently held the corner of the hijab and 
slowly picked it up. 


Xie Pity is waiting for this moment along the way, fixed still, watching the 
lingering red curtain slowly unveiled upwards - 


Inciting! 
It’s not that the boy has murdered, but he has to preempt, pretend to say! 


Who knows, if the evil spirits fly out and bring up a cross wind, the bright 
red hijab leaves the boy's hand, flies up and falls, thanking the pity only to 
see the shadow of a red boy, if the evil is worn past. 


The boy was broken into thousands of silver butterflies, and they burst into 
a burst of silvery starry wind. 


Although it is still out of place, but after thanking the two steps back, I 
can't help but marvel at it. This scene is really beautiful. At this time, a 
silver butterfly faintly flew in front of his eyes, he still has to look closer, 
the silver butterfly is flying around him two times, this will be merged 


into the butterfly wind, all into a silver Part of the light, fluttering wings to 
the night sky. 


For a while, thank you for returning to God, thinking: "Is this boy a ghost 
groom?" 


In his opinion, it always feels awkward. If so, the wolves in Junshan 
should be his subordinates. How can he be afraid to become the 
appearance? And the law on the road should also be laid by the ghost 
groom, but he just casually ... trampled. 


But if not, why did this boy come to rob the sedan? 


The more I think about it, the more weird it is. I feel sorry for it. I thought 
about it, and thought: "Forget it, 1t may just be just a passing. It’s still a 
matter of time. It’s important to do things." Hey, I heard it. It turned out 
that there was a building not far away, standing there. 


Since the boy brought him here, the building was painstakingly hidden in 
the puzzle, that is, you have to go in and see. 


Thanks for a few steps, suddenly stopped, think about it, and turned back, 
picked up the hijab on the ground and took it, and took it in his hand, and 
then continued to walk over there. 


This building red wall high courtyard, brick and stone shingles slightly 
mottled, is like a city temple with many years, and according to the 
experience of Xie Li, this form 1s mostly a Wu Shen Temple. Sure enough, 
as soon as he looked up, he saw the words of three diamond bones on the 
top of the gate: 


"Mingguang Temple"! 


The general of the Northern Wushu Mingguang, the last time the Lingwen 
said in the psychic array, the general who was very popular in the north. It 
is no wonder that they did not find the Mingguang Hall nearby, but found 
the Nanyang Temple. It turned out that the Mingguang Temple here and 


the Junshan, had long been blocked by a puzzle. What is the connection 
between this ghost groom and General Mingguang? 


However, this Mingguang general can be described as a stalwart and hot- 
skinned priest, and his position in the north is also very stable. I don’t 
think that the individual will be willing to engage with the ghosts and 
grooms. It is not a miracle to be unlucky enough to be ruined by fierce 
objects. What the truth 1s, let’s take a look. 


He went up, the temple door was closed, but he was not locked, and he 
pushed it open. After pushing it away, a strange smell came over. 


It is not a gray gas that has not been used for many years, but a faint smell 
of rot. 


Thanks for the backhand to cover the door, making it look like no one has 
come in and stepping into the temple. In the center of the main hall is a 
statue of Wu Shen, naturally the general of the Northern Wu Shenguang. 
Many humanoid things, such as statues, dolls, and portraits, are easily 
contaminated with evil spirits. So, first of all, go to see the statue of the 
statue of Wu. 


After watching it for a long time, the conclusion is: this statue is very well 
molded. Zhibao sword, Peiyu belt. Handsome, imposing. No problem, the 
rancid smell is not uploaded from the image of God, so thank you for 
leaving him, and turn to the back of the hall. 


This turn, thank you for the whole person must, the pupil shrinks instantly. 


A group of women wearing red wedding dresses and covered hijab stood in 
front of him. 


The faint smell of rancid smell came from these women in the wedding 
dress. 


Xie pity quickly set the mind, one by one, the past, one, two, three, four ... 
has been counted to seventeen. 


It was the seventeen brides who were missing in the area with Junshan! 


Some brides' wedding dresses have faded and are very old and broken. 
They should be the brides who disappeared earlier. Some brides' wedding 
dresses are new and the style is also new. The smell of old-aged carrion is 
extremely weak, and it should have been missing recently. Thanks a little 
thought, uncovering a bride's hijab. 


Under the bright red hijab is a pale face, white is a little green, and it is 
terrible to be faint moonlight. The most terrifying thing is that the face of 
this woman's death has been twisted, but on this distorted face, there is 
still a stiff smile. 


Thanks again, the woman’s hijab was uncovered, and the same mouth was 
raised. 


The dead man in the room was wearing a nice dress and smiling. 


Thanks to the ear, there seems to be another strange song sung by the 
child: "New married mother, new married mother, new bride on the red 
flower sedan... tearful, over the hill, under the hijab, laughing..." 


Suddenly, he heard a strange sound coming from outside the temple. 


It was a very strange sound. Strange to describe, like two sticks wrapped in 
thick cloth, slamming on the ground, and like heavy objects hanging on 
the ground. The sound came from far to near, and it came very fast. It was 
necessary to go to the door of Mingguang Temple. Just listen to "Oh--", a 
long sound, the door of the Mingguang Temple was pushed open. 


Whether it is an individual or something, most of it is the ghost groom. 
And now, it is back! 


There was nowhere to escape from the back of the temple, and there was 
nowhere to hide. Xie pity only thought for a moment. When I saw this row 
of brides, I immediately re-covered the hijab and stood up and motionless. 


If only 3,456 bodies stand here, it is natural to see through the number at a 
glance, but now there are seventeen brides’ bodies, unless they are counted 
one by one like others, otherwise it is difficult to detect them immediately. 
Someone is mixing in. 


He just stood in and listened to the strange voices, "??" and "go". 


Thanks and pity, standing still, thinking: "What is this sound? Listening to 
the length of the pause, a bit like footsteps, can there be something like the 
footsteps? This is definitely not the boy who brought me, he is It’s easy to 

take care of, and it’s also a ringing bell.” 


Suddenly, he thought of something, his heart slammed tightly: "Not good, 
tall and wrong!" 


These bodies are all women, but he is a real man, born to grow a little 
more than a woman. Although I can't see more people at a glance, one 
person in a group of corpses is particularly tall, but it can be seen at a 
glance! 


However, after thinking about it again, thanking and patience quickly 
calmed down. He is indeed high, but the girl Xiaoyan is simply giving him 
a bunch of hair, not doing much, and these brides are dressed up, their hair 
is high, and some wear a phoenix crown, and their heads rise high. A big 
piece, some may not be shorter than him, even if he is tall, it should not be 
very eye-catching. 


Just thinking about it, he heard a "brushing" sound, two feet away from 
him. 


After a while, it was a "brush", this time, a little closer to him. 
Thanks for the reaction, what the ghost groom is doing. 


It opens the bride's hijab one by one, and looks at the face of the body one 
by one! 


"boom!" 


Do not hit at this time, but when? If the evil spirits fly out, they are hitting 
the ghost groom. 


Just listen to a loud noise, black fog blowing. Xie pity does not know that 
the demon fog is poisonous. He does not have a spiritual guard. He 
immediately puts his breath on his mouth and nose, and at the same time 
urges the evil spirits to dance out of the wind and dispel the black fog. Just 
listen to '"??" and "??"! Thanks for your pity, I saw a short black shadow 
passing by at the entrance of the temple. The temple door opened wide, 
and a black mist rushed toward the woods. 


Xie pity took the initiative and immediately chased out. Who knows, he 
chased a few steps, the fire in the woods 1s soaring, there is a cry of 
shouting and shouting: "Chong ah -!" 


The voice of a young man is particularly bright: "Catch the ugly and 
blame, kill the people! Grab the ugly and blame, and kill the people! The 
bounty is equally divided!" It was the little Pengtou. Thanks for the 
bitterness in the heart, this group of people said that they would go up the 
mountain, and they actually went up the mountain. There was originally a 
way to cover them, but they couldn’t find them, but they were trampled by 
the teenager’s feet. They licked the cats. The dead mouse, actually found 
it. Look again, the direction they came in was just the direction in which 
the ghost groom escaped! 


Xie pity, if the evil spirits rushed over, shouted: "Stand up and move!" 
Everyone is a glimpse. He still talked, and he listened to Xiao Pengtou 
eagerly asking: "Girl! You were smashed into the mountains by the ghost 
groom? What is your name? We are here to save you, you can rest 
assured!" 


Thanks for a pity, my heart is funny, this reminds me that he is still a 
woman. There is no mirror in Nanyang Temple. He doesn't know what he 
is like now, but looking at the reaction, Xiaoying's hand should be very 
clever. This group of people was shocked to see him as a real new bride. 
This little Pengtou probably still counts on him as the 17th bride, so that 
he can get the reward. In any case, this situation can not let the villagers 
run around, but he can not guarantee that the ghost groom did not continue 


to flee. At this time, two black teenagers rushed over, and Xie pity 
immediately called: "The south wind is shaking, come help me!" 


Who knows, these two people follow the sound, but they are all in one, and 
they are two steps backwards. Thanks to a few words before they react. 
Thanks to the pity: "Where did you come from there? What could you 
encounter on the road?" 


South Wind Road: "Never!" 


Thanks for your pity: "Well. I am going to shake it. You are now going 
down this road and searching around to make sure the ghost groom is not 
at large." 


Hearing, he turned and left. Thanks again, "Nanfeng, you hold it here and 
make sure that no one can walk. If you don't find the ghost groom in the 
mountains, it must be in this group now!" 


Hearing the words, the big man is stunned. Xiao Pengtou also saw that he 
was not a woman. The first one jumped up: "Can't one go? What are you 
doing! There is no king. The big guys don't listen to them..." 


His shackles have not yet landed, and the south wind has slammed out, and 
a tree surrounded by one person has broken down. Everyone immediately 
remembered it. The boy yelled at something that was not in a word. If he 
gave him a post, it would be useless to lose money, and he would not 
speak. Xiao Pengtou said again: "You said that the ghost groom is inside 
us. We are all famous and have surnames here. Do not believe that you use 
the torch to take pictures of everyone's faces, one by one!" 


Thanks for the pity: "Southwind." 


Nanfeng took the torch in the hand of Xiao Pengtou and held it one by one. 
Every face is full of sweat, or nervous, or stunned, or excited, all vivid. 
Xie pity couldn’t see why, came before everyone, saying: “Everyone, it’s 
offensive to offend, but I hurt the ghost groom. It ran away, definitely not 
far away. My two children came on the road. I didn't touch it, I was afraid 
that this thing would be mixed in you. I also bothered to take a closer look 


at each other and see each other's faces to see if there is a person you don't 
know is mixed in." 


When everyone heard that the ghost groom might be mixed in this group 
of people, it was also a creepy, not dare to care about it, face to face, you 
see me, I see you up. After watching it for a long time, someone suddenly 
blamed: "How are you here?" 


Thanks for the brow, I grabbed the word and said: "Who?" 


Xiao Pengtou grabbed someone else's torch and took a photo to a corner, 
saying: "This ugly eight!" 


He pointed at it, it was actually a small firefly. Xiaoyan’s snot-squinted 
face looked a bit distorted under the fire. It seemed that he could not stand 
the light, and raised his hand to block his face. “I... I just don’t worry, I 
want to come up and see...” 


Seeing her panic, she took the torch from Xiao Pengtou and said to 
everyone: "How are you?" 


A group of people shook their heads and said: "There are no people you 
don't know." "I have seen it." 


Nanfeng Road: "Who will he be attached to?" 
Thanks for a moment, he said: "It shouldn't be, it's a solid one." 


Nanfeng Road: "But it is already a 'fierce', can change the form, it is hard 
to say." 


They are hesitating here, and Xiao Pengtou 1s the first one to say: "Ghost 
and groom are not in us. Do you see it clearly? If you see it clearly, you 
will not let us go!" 


Everyone was sparsely attached, and Xie pity swept them and said: "Please 
also stay in front of this Mingguang Temple, don't leave half a step." 


Everyone has to complain again, and they can't dare to see the south wind 
look cold. At this time, the support was also back, saying: "Nothing 
nearby." 


Looking at the black-pressed head in front of the Temple of Light, Xie pity 
slowly said: "That, it must be in this group now." 


# Chapter 9: Mountain lock ancient temple upside down dead forest 


I waved to notice that there was a small swell in the crowd, frowning: 
"How come there is a woman here?" 


Although his tone was not hot, but he was not very kind, Xiaoying listened 
and bowed his head. Thanks, "She is afraid of something, come up and 
see,” 


Helping others to ask: "Are you coming up with her?" 


The people first hesitated, and later said: "I don't remember." "T can't tell." 
"No, we didn't have her when we came up!" "I didn't see it anyway." "I 
didn't see it." 


Xiaoying said: "Because I was secretly coming..." Xiao Pengtou 
immediately said: "Why are you secretly following up? Are you guilty? 
Are you a ghost groom posing?" 


As soon as this statement came out, Xiaoying had a large space around her 
time. She waved her hand and said: "No... No, I am Xiaoying, I am true!" 
She said to her: "The son, we are only I have seen it! I will give you rouge 
and dress it up..." 


Thanks: "..." 


Everyone stared at him and someone started to whisper. He heard the 
words "likes", "different from ordinary people" and "can't believe". He 
coughed twice and said: "This, mission demand. Mission demand. South 
wind Shake, you..." 


As soon as he turned his head, he realized that the south wind and the 
swaying had been staring at him with gaze, and his feet were restrained to 
pull a little away from him. 


Thanks to the gaze of their eyes, they said: "...Do you have anything to 
say?" 


Where did he know that the girl's point-and-shoot pen was a fascinating 
workman, and he taught him to use eyebrows and eyebrows. If you don't 
speak, it is a beautiful girl who is gentle and twirling. The two men looked 
at him and they were shocked, unbelievable, doubtful about life, and 
uncomfortable. The face 1s still that face, but I don’t know exactly who I 
am talking to. Helping the south wind: "What do you want to say." 


The south wind shook his head immediately: "I have nothing to say." 
"..." Thanks, "You still say something." 


At this time, the crowd said: "Hey? Is this a Mingguang Temple?" "There 
is still a Mingguang Temple in this mountain? It's rare, I have never seen 
it." 


Everyone has seen the strangeness. Xie pity but suddenly said: "Yes, 
Mingguang Temple." 


Nanfeng heard that his tone was different and said: "What happened?" 


Thanks to pity: "The northern Mingming is the site of General Mingguang. 
His incense is not not prosperous, nor is the mana strong, but why is there 
only Nanyang Temple under the Junshan Mountain?" 


The official lord prayed to the Emperor Wu of the gods, but it is a very 
good understanding, because the Emperor Wu of the gods is the first **** 
of the millennium, the status is higher than the generals of Mingguang, 
naturally the more you go to the top to seek insurance. General Mingguang 
and General Nanyang are equal in status. It is true that this Mingguang 
general has nine thousand palace views, and one thousand more than 
Nanyang. I really can’t think of it. Why do you have to go far. He said 
again: "It is reasonable to say that even if this Mingguang Temple in 
Junshan is occupied by the ghost groom, the others can't find it, but it 1s 
obvious that another Mingguang Temple can be built. Why do you want to 
build another Valkyrie? temple?" 


Raising the awareness, said: "There must be other reasons." 


Thanks to pity: "Yes, there must be other reasons. Let the people in the 
area of ??Junshan choose not to build Mingguang Temple again. Whoever 
borrows me from me, I am afraid I have to ask..." 


At this time, someone shouted: "A lot of brides!" 


As soon as the sound came from the temple, Xie pity turned and turned. 
He let the group stay in the open space in front of the temple. They turned 
a deaf ear and ran into the temple! 


Nanfeng shouted: "The situation is dangerous, don't run around!" 


That Xiao Peng’s head said: “The big guys don’t listen to them. They don’t 
dare to move them! We are good people. Do they dare to kill them? 
Everyone gets up and gets up!” 


He was actually sure that the three people wouldn’t really take them to the 
waist and discount them. The south wind knuckles creaking and it looks 
like it is smashing. As a military officer in the temple of Nanyang Temple, 
he really can't arbitrarily discount which mortal's hands and feet, and teach 
the supervising officer to find a slogan, but it is not fun. Xiao Pengtou 
sneered again: "Don't think that I can't see what you guys are trying to do. 
Don't just want to lie to us not to move, to monopolize the merits, to get a 
reward for yourself?" 


He was so incited that half of the people were eager to move and followed 
him into the temple. The swaying sleeves are indifferent: "Let them go. 
This group of people." It was disgusting and I didn't want to take care of it. 
In the Temple of Light, there is another scream: "These are dead!" 


Xiao Pengtou was also shocked and said: "All are dead?!" "All are dead!" 
"The evil door is gone, how is this like death for decades? Not yet bad?" 
No two, he immediately thought Opened: "It’s okay to die. Let the bride’s 
body be carried down the mountain. Do they still have money to buy?” 


The blessing of the eyes gradually sank. And everyone thinks, this is the 
truth. Some people are jealous, some are jealous, and some are happy 
again. Xie pity stood at the entrance of the temple and said: "You should 
come out first. After the temple, there is no wind and smoldering all the 
year round, and ordinary people inhaling the body is going to have an 
accident." 


This sounds very reasonable. Everyone doesn't know whether to listen or 
not. Xiaoying whispered: "Don't you like this? It's so dangerous here, or 
you should listen to this son first, go out and sit..." 


But this group of people don’t even listen to a few words, but where will 
they listen to her? No one cares. Xiaoying was not discouraged and said it 
several times. Xiao Pengtou also taught them: "The big guy picks up the 
fresh corpse, the old corpse, and their family members don't know that 
they are not in the world, so don't bother to go down." There are still a few 
people who praise him. Smart and capable. Thank you for listening to it. I 
saw someone crying and laughing. I saw someone moving his hands and 
feet. "Don't expose the hijab! The hijab can block the corpse and yang. You 
are too yang, if you **** them in, it's hard to keep something going. "" 


However, in order to pick a fresh body, a group of people had already 
smashed the hijab seven or seven. Thanks to the south wind that came to 
the door, he shook his head and knew that he couldn’t stop the group. After 
all, they couldn’t beat them to the blood. So what if there is something to 
do later is not teaching. They can't escape? It is also very helpless. At this 
time, a big man opened a bride's hijab and said: "My mother, this little girl 
is really beautiful!" 


Everyone gathered around and said: "There has been no such thing, it is a 
pity to die like this." "The clothes are broken, but the most beautiful!" 


This bride is probably a long-term death, and the skin on his face is quite 
elastic. Someone said: "Don't dare to touch two?" Xiao Peng said: "What 
is it?" It was on the face of the body. Twisted two, only to feel slippery and 
irritating, still waiting to touch again, thank you for not seeing it, just want 
to stop, Xiaoying has already rushed over, said: "Don't do this!" 


Xiao Pengtou’s backhand is a push, saying: “Don’t hinder the big men 
from doing things!” 


Xiaoying climbed up again and said, "You really want to be condemned!" 


Xiao Peng’s head was on fire, saying: “Fucking, you’re so ugly and really 
ugly!” 


When he was squatting, he was going to swear. He thanked him for 
carrying a small phoenix collar and gently opened her. Who knows, just 
listening to the "?", Xiao Pengtou shouted, said: "Who is jealous of me!" 


Xie pity looked back, he was actually a **** head, a big hole was pulled 
out of his head, and a blood-stained stone fell on the ground. Xiaoying a 
glimpse, busy said: "I'm sorry, sorry, I... | am afraid, accidentally lost..." 


However, even if she rushes to admit it, no one will believe it. Because the 
direction is not right at all. The stone was thrown in from a window behind 
Xiao Peng’s head. Fang Xiaopeng’s head was called, and everyone looked 
in that direction, just to see a figure swaying through the window. 


Xiao Peng’s head yelled: “It’s him! It’s the ugly monster with a bandage on 
his face!” 


Thanks for the small firefly to the south wind, a two-step step, the right 
hand gently on the window sill, turned over and chased in the woods. In 
addition, there are also a few daring who want to get a reward and follow 
him out of the window. Can catch up to the edge of the woods, thank you 
for suddenly smelling a **** gas, not aware of it, the heart is alert, 
slammed, said: "Don't go in!" 


He has already reminded him that the few people are thinking that you are 
not chasing me, and that they are constantly rushing into the woods. The 
people who had gathered in the temple also came out, watching Xie pity 
stop at the edge of the woods, and the courage was not so big, they 
followed. Not long after, just listening to a few screams, the woods 
stumbled out of a few black shadows, it was just a few people who took 


the lead. These black shadows went down the woods and walked under the 
moonlight. When everyone saw it, they flew away. 


When I entered, I was still a living person. When I came out, I became a 
blood man. 


These people from the face to the clothes on the body, all are bloodstained, 
blood is like a spring. If a person has left so much blood, it is a decision 
not to live. However, they are still coming over here step by step, everyone 
frightened and brushed back, and after retreating to the pity, thanked and 
raised their hands, said: "Stable. Blood 1s not theirs." 


Sure enough, those few people said: "Yes! Blood is not ours, is... is... 


The blood on his face could not cover the horror of their faces, and a group 
of people looked at them in the woods. Black lacquered, I don’t know what 
is inside the woods. Thanks for taking a torch and walking a few steps 
forward, holding it forward. In the darkness, something dripped onto the 
torch and made a "sweet" sound. He glanced at the torch and looked up, set 
a moment, and raised his hand to throw the torch. 


Although the torch that was thrown up only illumined the sky for a 
moment, everyone saw it clearly, what was above the woods. 


Long black hair, pale face, broken military uniforms, and arms that hang 
back and forth in the air. 


The bodies of more than forty men, high and low, swinging and swinging, 
hanging upside down on the tree. The blood didn't know how long it had 
flowed. It was not dried up yet, and it was a horror scene of a dead body 
and **** rain. 


Although this group of people outside are strong and strong, but where 
have you seen such a battle? It was all scared to stay, and the birds were 
silent. The south wind and the swaying over saw this scene, all of which 
was a condensate look. 


For a moment, the South Wind Road: "Green Ghost." 


He swayed: "It is indeed his favorite trick." 


The south wind thanked the pray: "Don't go. It's his words, it's a little 
troublesome." 


Thanks to pity and ask: "Who are you talking about?" 
South Wind Road: "One ‘near'.” 
Thanks for the pity: "What is close, is it close?" 


Fudao said: "Yes. The near-green" is a fierce object in the Temple of the 
Spirit, which is evaluated as a realm close to 'definite'. He likes this kind 
of game of upside down corpse, which is famous. ” 


Thanks to pity: "This is really unnecessary. It 1s absolutely perfect, not it 
is. Just like there is only ‘flying up' and 'no flying up', there is no 'close to 
flying’ and ‘fast to fly’. It’s a 'near' word, but it’s a bit tricky.” 


He remembered that when the teenager took him all the way, there was a 
rain and a voice of umbrella. Could it be that he is holding an umbrella, is 
it to stop him from this **** rain? At the moment, I sighed a little. The 
two immediately asked: "What happened?" 


He took a teenager on the sedan chair, and the boy said how to bring him 
here. At the end, Fu Zhi will be suspicious: "I was aware of this mountain 
when I came up, and I was very savage. He just broke it?" 


Thanks for thinking: "It’s not at all. He just stepped on his foot and put it 
in his eyes." Road: "Yes. You said this 'nearly' green ghost, will it be? he?" 


The south wind thought a little and said: "I have never seen a green ghost, 
I can't say it. What characteristics do you see in this boy?" 


Thanks to the pity: "Silver Butterfly." 


When the South Wind and the Awakening saw the scene of the hanging 
corpse, the performance was completely calm. When this statement came 
out, thankfulness clearly saw that the look on their faces changed instantly. 


Shake unbelievable: "What do you say? Silver Butterfly? What kind of 
silver butterfly?" 


Thanks to pity, he probably said something different, saying: "It looks like 
silver and crystal, not like a living thing. However, it is pretty." 


He saw the south wind swaying the two people and looking at each other. 
His face was extremely ugly and almost blue. 


Half a sigh, the swaying of the sighs: "Go. Go now." 


Thanks to the pity: "The ghost and groom here have not been resolved, 
how can I go?" 


Fudao: "Resolve?" 


He turned back and sneered: "It seems that you have been in the world for 
too long. This ghost groom is just a 'fierce'; even if this is a green ghost, it 


of 


is a headache, but it is It’s a 'nearby'. 


After another meal, he screamed sharply: "But you know, what is the 
owner of the silver butterfly?" 


Thanks for being honest: "I don't know." 


"..." swayed hard and said: "I don't know if I can't talk about it now. In 
short, you can't deal with it. You should go back to heaven to rescue the 
soldiers first." 


Thanks for your pity: "Then go back first." 


Thanks to the pity: "The owner of the silver butterfly did not reveal 
maliciousness. And if he is malicious, it is as terrible as you said, and I am 
afraid that it will be difficult to escape with Junshan. Stay here. So why 
not go back first and see if you can help me move a rescue." 


He saw that he did not want to stay here to deal with many troubles. If so, 
then it must not be reluctant. It’s very easy to shake this person, and I’m 
going to go away. Xie pity turned to the south wind, but also to openly ask 
the young things, but the crowd was a commotion, some people said: 
"Catch! Catch!" 


Thanks to this, I have no time to ask, "What have you caught?" 


Two **** figures came out of the woods. One was a big man. He was the 
first to rush into the woods. He was not scared away by the blood of the 
corpse. It was really bold. The other is that he was dragging a boy in his 
hand, and he was shackled in his hand, his face was covered with messy 
bandages. 


Xie pity still remembers that Dr. Tea said in a small shop before, "It is said 
that the ghost groom is a ugly monster with a bandage on his face. It is 
because it is too ugly, no woman likes it, so it is impossible to see others 
become good things." At that time, they also thought that it was very 
likely that it was a rumor, but it was actually such a person. 


It can be owned, is it the ghost groom, it is another matter. He just wanted 
to look at the bandage boy carefully, but Xiaoyan rushed over and said: 
"You got it wrong! This is not a ghost groom, he is not!" 


Xiao Pengtou said: "I was caught on the spot, you still said no? I..." A 
card, he suddenly realized what suddenly, said: "Oh, I said why you are 
always strange, A little 'not' is not, is it that you are colluding with this 
ghost groom?!" 


Xiaoying was shocked and waved again and again: "No, I don't, he doesn't. 
He really hasn't done anything. He's just ordinary... ordinary..." 


Xiao Pengtou is aggressive: "What is ordinary? Ordinary ugly?" He 
smashed two on the bandaged boy's head and said: "Would you like to take 
a look, this ordinary ghost groom is long, Only love to grab someone else's 
woman!" 


He messed up a few bandages, and the screaming teenager screamed in his 
head, and the voice was filled with fear, very fierce, and very poor. Thanks 
for holding a small Peng head arm, said: "Enough." 


Xiaoying heard the screams of the boy, tears falling, seeing Xie pity to 
stop, as 1f to see hope, quickly grabbed his sleeve and said: "Pub, ... 
Gongzi, help me, help him." 


Thanks to see her, Xiaoyan released his sleeves as if he was afraid that he 
would dislike his own hands and did not want to help her. Thanks to pity: 
"Nothing." Look at the bandaged boy who is full of blood. He found that 
the boy was wearing a pair of bloodshot eyes, leaking from the gap in the 
bandage under his arm, and also peeking at him, only peeking. After a 
moment, I immediately hanged down and was busy wrapping the bandage 
again. Although he did not show his face, but revealed a little skin on his 
face, this is extremely horrible, as if it had been burnt by the fire, it 1s not 
difficult to imagine, under the bandage, what a terrible face, attracting 
others to pour Cold air, and he is shrinking even more. 


Thanks for the pity, the two people's state of squeezing, like a glimpse, as 
if they did not dare to see the light all the year round, did not dare to see 
people, and sighed in their hearts. Xiao Pengtou was a little vigilant: 
"What do you want to do? The ghost groom is what we caught." 


Thanks to let him go, said: "I am afraid that it will not be so simple will be 
caught by you. Only then my friend searched around a circle, did not find 
him. This boy may only come later. Real Ghost and groom, it should still 
be here." 


Xiaoying also braved the courage: "You want to reward... but you can't 
mess with people to make up..." 


Xiao Pengtou listened and wanted to start. Since he was only a genius, he 
has been adding chaos. Thanks for finally, he can't bear it anymore. He 
waved his hand. If the evil spirits came out, the sound of "?" was a little 
bit of a head, and the south wind seemed to reach the limit. One foot, 
finally fell to the ground. This person is a special task. When he does not 
move, the crowd does not know who to follow, and he has become very 


honest. He has been screaming a few times and can’t make trouble. Thank 
you for your pity: "You can finally do something." He looked at the boy 
for a moment and asked: "Is it yours to stone people at the window?" 


His voice was mild, and the bandaged teenager shook like a sieve, and 
secretly looked at him and nodded. Xiao Huidao: "He doesn't want to hurt 
people. He just looks at Xiao Pengtou and seems to be hitting me. I want 
to help me..." 


Thanks and asked the boy: "The corpse hanging in the woods, do you know 
what is going on?" 


Xiao Huidao: "I don't know what happened, but it is definitely not what he 
hangs..." 


The bandage boy shook and shook his head. The south wind stared at him, 
suddenly said: "Who is the green ghost?" 


Hearing this name, thank you for your slightest glimpse. The bandaged 
boy was obviously a stunned person, and he did not respond to the name he 
said, nor did he dare to return to the south wind. Xiao Huidao: "He... he is 
afraid, can't talk..." 


She has been trying to protect this weird boy, thank you for your kindness: 
"Little girl, this kid is going on, what do you know, let me talk about it 
first." 


Seeing the pity, Xiaoying seems to have a little courage. The fire shone 
brightly on her face, and she did not hide. She twisted her hands and said: 
"He really didn't do bad things. The child just lived in Junshan, sometimes 
hungry, and ran down the mountain to steal. I just stole my home... I saw 
that he didn’t speak very much, and there were injuries on his face. He 
found some cloth bags for him, and sometimes he gave him some food to 
eat...” 


Xie Li originally thought that they might be a pair, but now it seems that 
Xiaoying is more like a sister to the boy, even like an elder who takes care 
of him. She said again: "There were many people who thought that he was 


a ghost groom. I couldn't say it. I just hoped that I could catch the real 
evil." I want you to be a big man, you have to be a bride. Ghost and groom, 
that will at least not catch the wrong person, because he will definitely not 
rob the sedan chair. Who knows that when I go out, I heard that Xiao 
Pengtou also wants to search the mountain today. I am really worried, but I 
will secretly keep up. Look." 


She guarded the boy in front of him, as if he was afraid of hitting him 
again, and he argued: "He is really not a ghost groom. You see him, only a 
few people will be like this. Where have you played so many escorts for 
the bride's sedan? military attache...... " 


Xie pity and the south wind look at each other, they feel very headache. 
If it is as she said, isn’t this teenager completely irrelevant to this matter? 


Bandage boy, "fierce" ghost groom, "nearly" green ghost, and the head of 
the silver butterfly that is not small, the heavenly gods talk about the color 
change, a small and Junshan, is actually a stranger, it is really teaching 
People can't cope. Who is who? What is the relationship between who and 
who? Thanks for feeling a lot of times. 


He stunned his eyebrows. For the time being, he didn't think about 
Xiaoying. There was a bit of true and false in his words. Suddenly he 
thought that there was something he wanted to ask, saying: "Little 
Xiaoyan, have you always lived near Junshan?" 


Xiaoblao: "Yes. I have been living here. I can guarantee that he has not 
done anything bad here." 


Thanks to the pity: "No, I want to ask you another question. With the 
Junshan area, has there been any other Mingguang Temple in addition to 
one on this mountain?" 


Xiaoying a glimpse: "This..." She thought for a moment, "I should have 
built it." 


Listening to her saying this, thankful pity suddenly felt that he had seized 
something important. 


He said: "Why do you only see Nanyang Temple under the mountain, but 
you can't see the Temple of Light?" 


Xiaoying scratched his head and said: "Building was built, but I heard that 
it seems because every time I want to build a Mingguang Temple, I will 
always have no fire for no reason during the construction. Some people 
say that there is no reason why General Mingguang has a town. Staying 
here, I changed to General Nanyang..." 


The south wind noticed that the praying eyes were condensed and said: 
"What happened to you?" 


Xie pity suddenly found that it was too simple. 


The unsmilable bride, the temple that had no fire for no reason, was 
fascinated by the Mingguang Temple in the mountains, the imperial 
martial arts statue of the martial arts, and the ghost groom who 
disappeared from the air after being injured by the evil spirits. 


too easy! 


It’s just that there’s something else that is disturbing the line of sight, so 
that he doesn’t realize such simple facts from the beginning! 


He slammed the south wind and said: "Take me a mana!" 


The south wind grabbed him a glimpse and hurriedly hit him in the air, 
saying: "What?" 


Thanks to pity, he ran and said: "I will explain it later, first try to keep the 
bodies of the eighteen brides!" 


Nanfeng Road: "You are confused? There are only the bodies of seventeen 
brides, plus you are the eighteenth!" 


Thanks to the pity: "No, no, there are only seventeen before, but now there 
are eighteen. In the body of eighteen brides, one is fake - the ghost groom 
is mixed inside!" 


# Chapter 10: Mountain lock ancient temple upside down dead forest
The two rushed back to the Mingguang Temple. However, after the hall 
was empty, there was only a mess of red hijab in the place where a group 
of brides stood. 


Seeing it, thank you for your heart: "It’s not good, it’s going to die." He 
quickly picked up the ground and covered his head, and he was so 
embarrassed that he heard the exclamation from outside the temple. The 
two looked through the window and saw a dozen or so marvelous women 
in the wedding dress, forming an encirclement, and slowly approaching 
the group of villagers. 


These women are all green, smiling, and their hands are flat. It 1s the body 
of the bride! 


Seeing that they were getting closer and closer, no one could calm down. 
Everyone couldn’t care for the bandaged teenager. They ran away when 
they pulled their legs. Xiaoying quickly helped him. Thank you for your 
helplessness: "Don't run!" He said this tonight that he didn't know how 
many times. Every time he did something, he would have to say at least 
thirty or forty times. However, there was always someone who turned a 
deaf ear and was helpless. He waved his hand, if the evil spirits flew out to 
the sky, free to pinch a cockroach, if the evil cockroaches would spin 
themselves in the air, as if the goddess fluttered, it was very eye-catching, 
and the group of brides saw a very active here. Things are turning 
cheerfully, and the tail is pumping them from time to time. Many of them 
are attracted, and seven are attracted by the **** smell in the deep forest. 
They slowly jump over there, thanking the South: The wind catches up, 
don't let them go down the hill!" 


Needless to say, the south wind has already caught up. The two brides 
attacked with respect to the pity, the fingers were bright red, the nails were 
sharp, and the red hijab that was taken out on the ground was taken out, 
and both hands were thrown away. The two hijabs spun and flew out, and 


they were placed on the heads of the two brides. . Their movements 
became dull in an instant. 


Sure enough, this thick red hijab covered the bride's body with a layer of 
eyes and nose, unable to see the figure, and could not smell the popularity. 
And because their bodies are stiff, they can't bend their arms to remove the 
cover. I can only stretch my hands and chaos, as if playing hide and seek 
with people. This situation is really horrible and funny. Xie pity stood in 
front of them, voluntarily waved in front of the two brides, saw them 
stunned to touch the other direction, thought about it, and finally did not 
hold back, said: "offended." Grab both arms Put their hands on the other's 
neck. 


The two brides suddenly touched things, and they felt shocked and could 
not see what it was. Xie pity hurriedly ran away, and it was a raise of the 
hand. If the evil spirits went along with the white rainbow, they silently 
fell into a big white ring on the ground. He said to all the people who fled: 
"Go into the circle!" 


A group of people hesitated while running, but Xiaoyan quickly supported 
the bandage boy and stood in. After thinking about it, she ran out again 
and dragged the little Pengtou who fell into the ground. At this time, a 
bride jumped to the edge of the white circle and stretched her claws, but it 
seemed to be separated by an invisible wall. Xiaoyan found that she could 
not jump in, and said loudly: "Everyone is coming in, this circle They can't 
get in!" 


When everyone saw it, they rushed to the ground again. Fortunately, 
thanking the pity for letting the evils smashed several times, the circle was 
big enough, otherwise they were really worried that someone would be 
squeezed out. The brides couldn’t jump into the circle, knowing that they 
couldn’t move here, and they turned and screamed and shook. 


And thank you for waiting for a long time, grabbed a large number of 
hijabs in the sleeves, four or five red cloths flew up and down in his hands, 
left and right, and did not stop at the foot, to cover one, one cover one 
When she was in the middle of a bride, she began to feel like a blind 
person. His hijab was really dazzling, and he threw himself around his 


hands and threw himself into several red shadows in the air. People 
couldn’t help but drink in the white circle: "Good!" It’s really amazing.” 
“This skill is practiced!” 


Thank you for listening, habitually blurted out: "Fortunately, okay. You 
have money to hold a money field and have no money to hold a personal 
field... ah ???" The words are not right when you export, even in the past 
acrobatics When the class made up the scene, he said that if he had 
finished, he slipped out and stopped. During the speech, several brides 
jumped up. It was a height of seven feet and a foot. As soon as they were 
three feet away, they came to his eyes with a rancid smell. Thanks for the 
soles of the foot, the body also swept out, rushing through the air to 
meditation three times the psychic password, said: "Learning the spirit and 
the spirit of everything! I asked a question, you know that the Northern 
Wu Shenguang general has any confidante?" 


The voice of the spirit rang in the ear and said: "Your Highness, what do 
you ask this?" 


Thanks to pity: "There is a bit of a situation here, a little critical. It is not a 
match. There are more than a dozen dead people chasing me." 


Lingwen: "Ah? So terrible?" 


Thanks: "It's okay. So is there? I know that this question is more private 
and difficult to answer, so I don't ask in the psychic array. The task needs, 
never leak." 


Ling Wendao: "You have misunderstood your Highness. This question is 
not a bad answer, but the old man is too confidant. You suddenly ask, I 
don't know which one you ask for?" 


Xie pity at the foot almost a sigh, said: "Well. In the confidantes of these 
confidantes, is there a woman with strong desire, strong heart, and some 
kind of disability?" 


Lingwen said: "If you say this, you really think of one." 


Thanks again, the two hijabs flew out and attracted a cheer. He turned and 
shook his hand and said, "Say!" 


Ling Wendao: "When the old man did not fly before, he was a general. He 
met a female general in the enemy's country on the battlefield. It was very 
beautiful and temperamental, called Xuan Ji." 


Thanks for your pity: "Well, Xuan Ji." 


Lingwen continued: "Who is this general, seeing a beautiful woman, even 
if he is holding a knife on his neck, he is also going to entangle. This 
woman led the soldiers to confront him and became his defeat." 


Xuan Ji became a prisoner and was sent to the enemy camp. The defending 
army was not prepared and would be killed on the spot. The partiality was 
not self-sufficient, and was rescued by a general who broke the three- 
footed Qingfeng. The enemies, the handsome generals of the enemy, were 
the generals of Mingguang who later flew up. 


This sergeant general has always been a person who has pity and cherished 
jade. Secondly, the overall situation of the war has been fixed. Even if it is 
sawn, there will be no possibility of turning over, and Xuan Ji will be 
released. It’s really good to imagine what happens when you come and go 
again and again. At this time, a bride grabbed her right leg, five fingers 
and one button, almost into the meat, he was trying to kick out, found that 
this angle can only reach the face, the heart can not beat the girl's face, 
changed a posture She changed her shoulders, and the backhand was flying 
over with a hijab. "It sounds like a beautiful talk." 


Lingwen said: "It was originally a beautiful talk. If it is bad, it will be bad. 
Xuan Ji must have a double with the general." 


Thanks to two steps, he climbed onto the roof and overlooked the five or 
six brides who continued to approach him. He wiped a sweat and said: 
"Women want to have a lifetime and a double, this is not wrong." 


Lingwen said: "It is true, but the two countries have sent troops, the 
battlefield is ruthless, the two have said it well, the dew marriage, you 


love me, there is a present, no Ming Dynasty, only talk about the wind and 
the moon. And the old man This person, I am telling the truth, it 1s not 
good to not double with you." 


"That Xuan Ji is a beautiful woman, her temperament is extremely fierce. 
The things she wants must be killed and not let go..." 


“And slow and slow!” thanked the pity. “You tell me first, is Xuan Ji 
disabled? Is it disabled?” 


"It's her..." When the words came here, the voice of the spirit stopped 
abruptly. 


It’s really terrible. Every time I hear the key points, I use the borrowed 
mana to exhaust. It seems that next time he gets to the beginning, he will 
cover his face and ask for the key points. In the middle of the leap, Xie 
pity quickly re-thought the idea: If the bandage boy is not a ghost groom, 
and this group of villagers have confirmed each other that there is no ghost 
groom, then the only remaining place to hide in, only Seventeen brides are 
piled up! 


When he mixed in, he couldn't be seen by the ghost groom at a glance. In 
turn, when the ghost and groom mixed in, he couldn't see a corpse at a 
glance. If you think about it carefully, if the evil spirits hurt the groom, he 
will only see a black mist rolling into the woods, and there is no guarantee 
that there will be someone in the black fog. In fact, I was afraid that at that 
time, he ran out of the temple door to chase, and the ghost groom stayed in 
the black smoke of a house, passed him by, returned to the temple, hiding 
leaves in the forest, mixed into the brides In the body of the body. 


Then, the "ghost groom" is not the "groom", but the "bride" - a woman 
wearing a bride's wedding dress! 


Since it is a woman, many things can be reversed. For example, why there 
is no Mingguang Temple in the area with Junshan. It is not that the locals 
do not want to build, but they cannot build it. Xiaoying said, "Every time I 


want to build a temple, I will always have a fire for no reason." It doesn't 
sound like a coincidence, it can only be deliberately set on fire. Why set 
fire to the temple? Usually, it is because of hate. However, this has another 
Mingguang Temple that has been blocked by the blockade in Junshan. No 
one has come, but the statue inside the temple has been carved very well 
and the preservation is excellent. Why? The ghost bride herself wore a 
wedding dress, but she did not see the woman wearing a wedding dress 
passing by with Junshan when she smiled. Why? 


All things are connected in series, except for jealousy and monopoly, thank 
you for not thinking of other answers. And it is like a weird sound wrapped 
in thick cloth and dragging heavy objects. If it is really footsteps, thank 
you can only think of a possibility! 


The bride chasing him has been covered with hijab. Thanks for the pity, I 
finally got to the ground, took a breath, and calmed my mind and got up 
and counted. 


One, two, three, four... ten. 


The seven brides jumped into the woods and chased by the south wind. Ten 
brides were re-covered by the hijab, all here. Well, there is one, not yet. 


At this time, he heard the familiar '"??" and "??" sounds coming from 
behind him. 


Thanks for turning slowly, a short figure that caught his eye. 
He took a sigh of relief and said, "Sure enough." 


The little woman in front of her, a red wedding dress, not happy, only to 
see stern. 


But the reason why she is short is not because she 1s short, but because she 
is lying on the ground. 


Her legs were broken, but she did not cut off her calf. She used to walk on 
the ground with two kneecaps. 


The weird "squeaky" sound he heard was the sound of her jumping on the 
ground with two broken legs. 